Alex is very much like his father.
Registration closes this month.
Charlie told Anna that he wanted to leave early.
George promised that he'd wait for us.
Jami is on the front porch.
Apparently, Laur had a lot on her mind, so I just left her alone.
Do you remember the day when you and I first met?
There are several reasons why I don't want to do that.
William told me that he was planning to leave his wife.
I'll try to find out why Oscar and Eva did that the way they did it.
I wasn't wearing a coat.
Jacob hasn't been able to go to school for three weeks.
Why don't you share your candy with Oscar?
I saw something terrible.
Your trousers are dirty.
Why is the child alone? Where is his mother?
That car could have hit me.
This is a list of things we need to buy.
Oscar is a very frank person.
I wish I knew what you're looking for.
I was hoping I could get a little help.
I remember singing that song long ago.
I'm going to allow Susie to do whatever she wants.
Do you want me to tell Adam that we won't do that?
Tell Jami how you found out that he did that.
Tommy is very emotional.
It isn't that I don't care, I just don't care as much as you do.
I should've done that the way you suggested.
Harry said that he thought that you'd probably do that.
James took a week off.
Neither of us will be in Boston next month.
George isn't a young guy anymore.
We sat on a bench in the park.
Did Oliver and Emma say when they'd arrive?
Writing news stories is his job.
She came here once again.
Jacob told Julia to stop the car.
She abandoned her sons.
You've played.
Oscar and Susie are so cool.
George got tired of reading and wanted to go outside and play.
I imagine a house in which I would be happy.
I take a nap almost every day.
It's okay. I won't bite.
When will dinner be ready? I'm terribly hungry.
He doesn't live in my neighborhood.
Jack doesn't know if Alice wants to do that or not.
I don't think we should hang around.
Who did she have in mind?
You need to stop drinking.
Don't lie to us.
Jacob said Olivia was asked to do that.
That'll never do.
I will answer for his honesty.
We are players.
Adam wrote a tragedy with a happy ending.
George gave no reason for his decision.
I hope that we can make friends in Australia.
I promise to leave you alone.
Oscar will have to do that next week.
Jack isn't worried about Alice.
The new plan will call for a lot of money.
He had enough wisdom to refuse the offer.
Do you know how that happened?
Harry sleeps here.
It is our duty to keep our town clean.
I know Adam is a very important member of our team.
I can't find Eva. I think she must've gone home.
This is the village where he was born.
Exchange the old part for a new one.
Confirm the order.
The American people aren't stupid.
She says she finished doing that.
I thought that you said that you had been asked to do that.
I need to do that.
William said that he'd also help Valentina do that.
I am of the opinion that this is the way to do it.
I cannot understand the physics teacher. I am completely lost!
I wonder whether Muhammad and Emma are serious.
Do you want me to open the box?
She said she's prepared.
Would you leave me alone?
William suggested we leave early.
I know James knows you don't really have to do that.
You've got my attention.
Harry said he had nothing to hide.
Our city sits on an active fault.
I have not been busy since yesterday.
Thanks, I understood everything.
I live in a house that was built in 2013.
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.
I couldn't help Charlie do what he was trying to do.
This company was established in 1930.
Why didn't you tell me that you didn't know what to do?
Television is ruining family life.
Our house has already burned down twice.
The train we rode was a high-speed train.
It's so slow.
I didn't begin to study French until I was thirty years old.
Who else came to the party?
What would you like to see?
It was too difficult.
Oscar did warn you.
She was overcome with emotion.
I almost fell off the cliff.
I knew Jacob was the one who was supposed to tell Olivia she needs to do that.
I went to Italy for the second time in 1980.
I swear I don't know anything.
Many couples end in divorce.
Ask at the police station over there.
When is your birthday?
I know that I have to help you tomorrow.
You guys need to calm down.
My teeth hurt.
James knows that he could've done that better.
She locked a door.
It's hard to lose somebody like Jami.
I don't think that Tommy is rich.
It's a miracle! The link works!
Charlie wasn't the first one to say we shouldn't do that.
Should I buy it?
That must have happened while I was in Boston.
I'm getting older and I don't want to work at night anymore.
There's no need for name calling.
You're not going to tell anyone about this, right?
Nothing appears to be missing.
A lot of people I know live in Boston.
He is free from money worry.
Oscar isn't in Boston anymore.
It's a huge responsibility.
Jacob says that he'll do that today.
Do you two often argue?
What's your favorite place to go hear live music?
Yes, that's our manager.
It's not a secret that Adam's opinion is different than yours.
That doesn't mean Joe is satisfied.
A good coach is like a father to his players.
Jacob thinks that Valentina wouldn't likely do that.
Why don't you come in out of the cold?
I'm your neighbor.
They deserve to be remembered.
Jami and Catherine tried to persuade their father to let them go to Boston by themselves.
Don't try doing two things at the same time.
I'll bet Jacob doesn't get here on time.
I learned a lot about Australia from Jami.
She could not help but think about him.
I wouldn't like to live there.
I stopped the video.
I'd go to Boston if I had the chance.
Do you trust Jack now?
Jacob didn't seem excited.
I know that George doesn't know that he shouldn't be doing that.
That's a little unfair.
They finished their meal.
He came at about four o'clock.
I need a miracle.
They said that they'd be early.
No one came to Jacob's rescue.
We're here for the day.
I'm going to go back to the office.
Can't you understand?
I promised Harry I'd play tennis with him.
I remember the year when he got a job.
All of us like them.
Charlie is often traveling.
I've had a look around.
When we experience darkness, we are facing away from the sun. When we experience daylight, we are facing the sun.
If you hadn't had advice, you'd have failed.
Bill is the smarter of the two brothers.
You have a good reputation.
She said that she was mad.
I owe what I am today to my uncle.
Why do children do that?
We need to take a break from each other.
I never called him an idiot.
No one has ever told me that before.
I'm going to get something to drink.
She stood up for what was right.
The animals were busy collecting nuts.
I don't even want you there.
I hate my voice.
Did you see her stare at that young man?
Don't test me.
Muhammad was here earlier this evening.
Eventually, someone's going to have to tell Charlie and Julia that they need to behave themselves.
There are way too many people in this room.
Do you know how to get to our place?
Tell me the reason why you were late for school.
Because of a serious disease, he can't move his body as most people can.
One of those people may be her.
Why did you just do that?
Have you kissed her?
He's now short of money.
Yesterday the teacher said to us, "I'll give you a test tomorrow."
It never pays to lie.
Everybody except Joe seemed to be having fun.
This room is full of sun.
Oscar will do the right thing.
Jacob said that he wasn't ready to go home yet.
I want to apologize for what I did.
It's dangerous to pass by the bridge.
Adam knows everyone is waiting for him.
She tried to cut her own hair.
We know William is in there.
Let me have a look at it.
It's more dangerous than I thought.
Eva says she thinks she won't win.
Why are William and Margaret afraid to do that?
I left my umbrella here last week.
This key doesn't work.
We cannot know too much about the language we speak every day of our lives.
I can't be late today.
I should have invited Tommy, but I didn't.
You're lucky you didn't get busted.
I have just returned from the post office.
I expect to be paid for this work by tomorrow.
Is this the first time you've seen snow?
Yeah. That'd be great.
I really want to kiss you.
Harry doesn't spend enough time studying.
You're a really good cook.
I had nothing to do with William.
Oliver wasn't the one who borrowed my car.
The Pope visited Brazil.
I guess I should've read it more carefully.
We saw her last night.
Allow me to introduce myself.
They got married when they were still young.
I know you told me when you'd be coming, but I couldn't get there then.
I don't think that you'd do that.
I want Muhammad to help Eva.
He had the cheek to ask me to help him.
Why don't we go camping together?
I'm wise.
She thinks that she's a good driver.
I thought that you said you enjoyed doing that.
He says he believes he can win.
What kind of music do you listen to most often?
He that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill.
This tastes like chicken.
I'll give you a chance.
He tore up the letter in tears.
I look forward to seeing you again soon.
Catherine should've been ready, but she wasn't.
Jacob says he can't remember his French teacher's name.
What does that mean in Arabic?
This bus can carry fifty passengers.
What are you smiling about?
William works here, too.
I haven't kissed Adam in a long time.
I don't have a choice. I have to do it.
He and I stayed at the hotel.
I want to see them!
Alex opened his eyes and didn't immediately realize that he was in a hospital room.
Harry likely won't laugh.
Oscar showed me how to do that.
These seem interesting.
One more hour and the turkey will be ready.
Tommy said he just got back from Australia.
They're really big.
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.
They say I have a way with words.
William came home for the Thanksgiving weekend.
I know Oscar will never agree to do that.
"Did you tell her everything?" "No way, I barely touched the subject."
Jack knew I was home.
I didn't like the PM's speech.
I don't know why Muhammad isn't here today.
It was time for lunch.
He is kind rather than gentle.
When was the last time you stayed at a hotel?
Can you help me dial? The telephone is put too high.
Blessed for not making me a woman.
James thought Anna didn't like cats.
Jacob does whatever we ask him to do.
I'm so sorry about yesterday.
I was told you'd be willing to help.
Our daughter is none the better because we've been nursing.
Harry often stays out late.
What's it really worth?
It is hard to determine the distance.
He felt the rain on his face.
He just doesn't get it.
You should have told me that before.
I cannot take a rest at the office. I don't want the manager to see me.
The box is almost empty.
I don't have to go there unless I want to.
George doesn't live here in Australia.
Adam is handsome.
George will need one of these.
Doing that would be dangerous.
Do you really expect Oscar to arrive on time?
They said that they were curious.
Oscar goes to a restaurant for lunch at least three times a week.
Jacob is Lucy's adopted brother.
The voice acting is horrible.
Doing that wouldn't be the right thing to do.
I could fix that, I think.
Go!
Are you traveling alone?
Jacob went to the park on Sunday afternoon.
Harry has found a way to make a little extra money.
Charlie is reading a book in his room.
Tommy asked Emma not to discuss the matter with anyone else.
I wonder if Jack was arrested.
Valentina is quite strong, isn't she?
Jami is nicer to me than Susie is.
I keep a gun in my home.
We have to wait here for Adam.
Joe should have been able to do that without Valentina's help.
I know Adam didn't have to do that, but he did it anyway.
Joe really wanted to go yesterday evening.
Joe went down the stairs.
I have homework to finish.
We're going sailing on Monday.
Oscar always keeps Margaret's picture in his wallet.
I needed to stay in Australia longer than I thought I would need to.
I may not know a lot, but I do know Oliver doesn't know what he's talking about.
We don't trust William.
Does Harry often go drinking with Valentina?
Margaret said she hopes Muhammad will win.
The table and the bed stood in their former places.
Susie wasn't the first one who said she'd like to do that.
There's a rock on the floor.
You're not going to tell my parents, are you?
I don't yet know what Alex wants to do.
Have you ever worn long underwear?
Better to be alone than in bad company.
Alex didn't need to go there himself.
What sort of man is Muhammad Jackson?
Several weeks later, Muhammad was dead.
He said that he wasn't rich.
I'm going to go see George.
To our disappointment, our team lost the game.
Over here!
Here are the gifts.
Tomorrow is Sunday.
William is in his room sleeping, isn't he?
Jacob says that Lucy definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
Did you know Adam wasn't happy here?
I don't think that I should do that inside.
Oliver was very spoiled.
I hope to sell my house for $300,000.
The boy almost drowned.
Why am I so sleepy?
Do you hate your neighbor?
What are you two going to talk about?
I like the dog.
Jacob thought Margaret wouldn't likely come to his party.
He sings very well.
I can't live on ten thousand yen a month.
Joe's homeless.
The wind he gave off smells.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
I knew that Jack wouldn't lose.
Alex wasn't able to find Carmen a good job.
Valentina is still working here, isn't she?
What use are you to me?
Adam would do that if you asked him to.
Adam and Margaret can't have done that by themselves.
I slept on the plane for a couple of hours.
Jami told me last week he was going to Boston next week.
We came together to form a group.
He fried himself some eggs.
We're going to keep doing this until someone tells us that we can't.
How many do you have left?
Do you happen to know when Oliver is coming?
That's our town's oldest building, and it must be kept no matter what.
Jami put his arm around the young woman.
They looked terrible.
Why don't you and Charlie do that together?
Muhammad felt like a new man.
Can't you stay here with us?
I don't think Jami is sure that's what Alice wants to do.
I know it's still there.
I still don't think that that's going to happen.
I didn't know that until this morning.
I believe that we can do that.
Tommy likes helping others.
Tommy suggested going to Boston for the summer.
Make an appointment.
Stop going there.
He opened the door.
Emma went to sleep happy.
Do you love your husband?
Jami is a nice kid.
I will speak to her alone.
Julia said that she thought George was getting tired.
I don't think that Jack knows what Anna is planning on doing.
Were you wearing clothes?
Joe is going to come back the day after tomorrow.
Charlie was a typical teenager.
Jami said that he thought my plan wouldn't work.
Eva did say that she didn't want to go with us.
I did that once when I was a student.
He agreed to what they said.
Joe probably doesn't know he isn't likely to be punished.
They said that they'd go there tomorrow.
I'd really like to know why you don't like Oscar.
What's your impression of George?
I can continue to do that if you want me to.
Muhammad told me that he thought Olivia was better at French than he was.
Margaret told me she probably wouldn't do that.
Muhammad knows where he can find me.
Oliver can't afford to buy a car.
I sort of doubt it.
Jacob was very drunk.
I have been reading the book all afternoon.
Alex says that he has to borrow some money.
I'm surprised you couldn't remember that.
Harry heard an explosion and ran outside to see what had happened.
I know that James knew he shouldn't have done that.
I want to purchase property in Australia.
It's a waste of time to do that.
If you go there once, you'll know.
Her husband is about to die.
I won't tell anyone about her.
She was pleased to be treated as a guest.
I want you to let Alex live.
I'll do that as soon as possible.
We have two daughters.
I can only speak French.
You've done time, haven't you?
Are you there, Muhammad?
That's a question that I can answer.
I just want to see him.
You're so strong.
I got very sick.
I know the potential consequences.
I'll be having lunch with James.
I take a shower every day.
William just kept winning.
Joe isn't a bad singer.
Joe clearly doesn't want to be here.
I guess that's about it.
I flew on a Tokyo-bound plane.
Why don't you fix James something to eat?
Alex and Monica said that they'd be there.
Adam wanted Monica to talk to John about the problem she was having with his children.
Charlie definitely drank more than Monica did last night.
I thought that I'd be able to get home by 2:30.
He could not help but think about her.
I don't see any significant difference.
They are breaking down the wall.
They are to hold a party tonight.
Oscar and Emma said they remembered seeing John do that.
Oscar and Alice should tell John they won't go to Boston with him.
She never drinks with her students.
I cared little for his opinion.
I know that Jami is a very generous man.
You should carry out your first plan.
It's loose.
It's starting to snow.
Do your parents speak French?
Every night, she stays up until her husband returns home.
She started running her fingers through her hair.
This is definitely, 'The good you do for others is good you do yourself'! It's a reward because I was helpful!
I suspect you know why I'm here today.
Oliver says he finished doing that.
I don't intend to go to Boston with you.
Give Tommy everything we've got.
You didn't tell Jacob what you wrote to Catherine, did you?
Let me know if anything strange happens.
I have some questions to ask you.
"I'll pay you." "I'm not doing this for money."
I didn't understand half of what she was saying.
I don't think that Joe is the person you should be talking to.
German is the best language in the world.
Harry took the easy way out.
Joe is kissing Susie now.
This box is a different colour to that one.
She arrived there before Joe.
I think cute girls probably look cute no matter what they wear.
May I quote you?
George is the best friend I've ever had.
Charlie told me that he thought that Mary was ambitious.
It should be possible to change that.
Jack is quite greedy.
He'll be asleep.
I didn't have any fun doing that.
George wanted everybody to know he was unhappy.
I just want you and me to be happy.
He sacrificed everything for you.
I will make a bargain with you.
I hope that that's enough.
Jack didn't want to help us today.
Are you speaking English?
Joe probably doesn't yet know he's got to do that today.
James disappeared into thin air.
Jack and Monica are three hours behind schedule.
We're going to get married in October.
I didn't really enjoy being in Australia.
Is he all right?
I knew I should've married you.
I still have many clear memories of my school days.
Why don't you let Oliver know you can take care of yourselves?
Joe didn't realize who that was.
Do you need a ride home?
Where did Harry get that much money?
Is she a friend?
Tommy said that he thought Catherine wasn't asleep.
I'd be surprised if Harry and Margaret don't do that.
I played basketball last year.
The job was difficult, but Harry still wanted to do it.
Oliver and Alice both retired when they were 65 years old.
I don't feel like doing anything when it's that hot.
I haven't yet decided what to do.
I'm going to spend the weekend in Boston.
Oliver said that he thought there was no chance that Eva would do that by herself.
I assume you two know each other.
I know Muhammad will be allowed to do that today.
We're digging a well in the backyard.
Do you have needle and thread?
Cows live on grass.
You're in the wrong seat.
You should've asked Muhammad first.
Harry is dark and handsome.
Adam's a rich kid.
Tell me who you thought I was.
I'm not sure that I can win this.
"Has he broken up with you?" "Yes, and now my heart is heavy as lead".
Retire.
There's a good chance James will be punished for what he did.
Olivia said that she was upset.
She drew her gun and said:
George will do that the same way we did that.
Please return the book when you've finished reading it.
First things first, let's go to the girl with her head in the clouds.
She took off her sweater.
William ought to apologize.
Hold your tongue, or you'll be punished.
I know that William doesn't know why I need to do that by myself.
I didn't think William was angry.
George and Lucy said that they're really glad they won.
Will you take me with you?
I can't stand this cold anymore.
Please wash it.
I can't make it this time.
Tommy said that he wasn't at home.
Why did you arrive so early?
Let's just be friends.
This sentence is perfect.
I want that job.
No one knew James was an ex-con.
We need a new rug.
George told me that he'd done that.
Don't tell him.
Charlie said he thought that there was a good chance that it would rain tomorrow.
I'll open the box and see what's in it.
Wash your face.
I want you to have this necklace.
I don't know whether to believe her or not.
I heard that Jami is good at doing that.
Is there any chance James wasn't the one who did that?
The Norman victory over England had a big impact on the English language.
She gave him mixed signals.
They said that they're going to do that.
It had worked for hours.
How long have you lived here?
I'll come back for you later.
Let me get you a cup of coffee.
You would've been wrong if you'd said that.
It's going to be easy for us to do that.
You shall not use this form while speaking American English.
If he tries hard, he will succeed.
She promised me she wouldn't do that.
Nothing can be explained.
Charlie is really big.
My elder brother got a position in a big business.
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.
She is second to none when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
Everything happened all at once.
What are your true feelings?
Oscar won't be coming tomorrow.
Jami is a learned man.
What flavor do you want?
Why didn't you tell me you were going to Boston?
Next time I'm at the beach, I'm going to send a message in a bottle.
She was not the first to encourage me to do so.
We tried that yesterday.
What is a god?
I've done a lot.
I don't think William will do that tomorrow.
Oscar never told anyone about what happened that day.
Oliver built a shelter.
However hard he may try, he won't succeed.
All three of my brothers are older than me.
Harry is usually as busy as Anna.
They told me that they might do that.
I'd help Muhammad if he wanted me to.
You and I are going to have a lot of fun.
Charlie returned to his room and closed the door.
Tommy is probably just shy.
I thought you had recognized William.
Harry can be seen in the background.
Can you recommend a good hotel?
Joe is going to lose.
William is pretty creative, isn't he?
How long do you intend to be in Australia?
I haven't finished building my house yet.
I think we're lost.
Oliver might be frightened.
Harry and Carmen stayed home from work because they were sick.
Oscar has a plan.
Did William come to Australia with you?
I can't help you until Monday.
I know that Joe doesn't know why Olivia wants John to do that.
Let them keep their jobs.
Anna said she doesn't care whether she wins or not.
That is ordinary-looking.
I think it won't succeed.
I want to cry, but I can't.
Even the fastest horse only has four legs.
You must not be noisy.
All Jacob and Valentina have to do tomorrow is go to school.
I want to participate.
Adam will likely come to visit us next summer.
Open the door. I know you're in there.
My apartment is near here.
I wouldn't miss your wedding for anything.
I don't think we really have to do that.
It was very cold, so we stayed at home.
Think about it one more time.
I thought I would find you there.
I never learned how to swim.
Peter the Cruel is also known as Peter the Just.
Beware of calm waters.
Jami is badly hurt.
They told me they wanted to go.
Joe couldn't fit into the pants he wore last summer.
I think you two know each other.
It's hard to forget what happened.
They said they didn't get it.
There are 40 students in my class.
Jacob finished second-to-last.
Does Harry seriously think anybody will vote for him?
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
I'll walk home from here.
Why are you so rich?
Jack insisted on going.
Do you price match?
You may enter.
I don't think it's very likely that William will help us do that.
Harry said that Valentina is shy.
I'll marry her one way or the other.
What makes you think Alex doesn't like you?
I named my dog Cookie.
Why did you think you could do this without any help?
Would I be able to do it?
I thought that Muhammad was dead.
Do you want it gift wrapped?
I saw the car explode.
I really like red.
Jacob said he got really tired of doing that.
And now you have to leave.
He's very open.
Mary paid her bill late.
I feel just like Tommy.
I thought it would be worse.
I'm going to give you just one more chance to do that.
A day is split into the morning, pre-noon, noon, afternoon, evening and night.
I can read French, but I can't speak it.
We'll deal with it later.
Carmen told me that she was safe.
Adam wasn't the only one who was very hungry.
I have to get more sleep.
I laughed so much my stomach hurts.
Jacob has a large mansion.
Alex grew up on a ranch.
Laur began to look for a job three months before she graduated from college.
My arms are empty.
It is no laughing matter.
She only does that when she's angry.
If you continue screaming at me, then we won't talk.
Harry did everything for Catherine.
Joe and Anna say that they need another car.
George became a drug addict.
James asked Carmen if she could give him a ride home.
William tried to contact Valentina.
Isn't Harry incredible?
Muhammad ought to do that somewhere else.
I hope you can all hear me well. That is the point after all.
It's not like it just happened.
You should talk to her.
Did the thought ever cross your mind?
I'm ready to confess.
What is it with you and George?
That's why William and Mary are here.
Jami and Margaret were friends, nothing more.
Tommy found the wallet he thought he'd lost after searching the house from top to bottom.
James might not be as smart as you think he is.
He tried hard, but failed.
I haven't been in Australia very long.
Harry didn't want any pizza.
I told you everything I knew last night.
I haven't had much sleep.
She made clothes for her dolls with her mom.
I decided I should do that.
I like the way you speak.
There are a number of things we can do to protect our environment.
The only car George has ever driven is his own.
I don't think we can trust him.
I wonder where in the world Jami could be right now.
I'm doing this for them.
How would you describe Charlie?
There's no food left.
They loved each other.
If you can't do what you want, do what you can.
I don't think that Alex is allowed to do that.
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
I won't have time to finish writing this report before the meeting.
I owe you all nothing!
Mary showed up at the party with her boyfriend.
Did you have to wait long?
Jacob seems comfortable.
Neither Adam nor Emma has a lot of things he needs to buy.
I'm too tired to drive. Could you drive?
If you want to get out of here alive, listen to me.
Can you swim across the river?
Jack switched on the desk lamp and started working.
I want to want.
If only the doctor had come a little sooner.
I'm in a little bit of trouble.
By tomorrow morning this girl will have done it.
I don't think George and Laur will do that by themselves.
Everyone had a good year.
It wasn't exactly what I wanted, but I bought it anyway.
Jami became a zombie and then he bit Margaret.
Under the table is a cat.
You should talk to your mother more often.
Charlie was very friendly and helpful.
Laur told me that she wasn't upset.
Do many of you have summer vacation now ?
Oscar hopes he'll get a chance to do that again.
I think you should try to persuade James not to do that.
I tried to avoid talking about that.
Which city do you like better, Boston or Chicago?
Joe felt someone touch his shoulder.
Why don't we see if Jacob wants to go with us?
You should go home. It's late and you're drunk.
Julia is new in town, isn't she?
Could you send me a photo?
I don't think that I need to be here any longer.
Just have a seat.
You're welcome to join us if you want to.
Why are you doing this to me?
I like you as a friend.
Obviously, Jacob doesn't like doing that.
Get ready to be amazed.
Adam is going to be in Boston next week.
What do you think I want?
When you have some free time, please do that.
Eva told me she'd do that if I did that, too.
I'm not afraid of them anymore.
I don't think Adam ever considered doing that.
Can I talk to you alone?
The amateur singer won first in the talent show hands down.
Emma swore she'd never do that to anybody.
She said she needed to take a shower.
I thought Jacob would have remembered today's meeting.
I have a badge.
I don't remember when and where I met you.
I don't think you understand me.
I can get it from her.
Tommy was afraid to cross the street.
I believe you can succeed.
She seemed disappointed and sad.
I told Oliver where he should park his car.
Ah, whatever.
I wonder if Oscar is really broke.
Adam doesn't come to Australia as often as he used to.
How many people survived?
How long have you worked in Australia?
Harry doesn't want you to do that again.
I don't remember you saying anything about Alex coming.
Charlie said that he didn't know who Alice's husband was.
She has a Japanese car.
I knew that was what you wanted.
In Hawaii, one can swim in the ocean all year round.
Oliver and Emma couldn't keep themselves from laughing.
We should wait.
It is a pity that the teacher is leaving our school.
I'm taking a different approach.
Our flight leaves at 2:30.
I think we'll have to help her.
Last night someone broke into the small shop near my house.
She said that she's quit drinking.
If I'd had the time, I would have done that.
Adam was shocked, but Margaret wasn't.
She explained her reasons clearly.
I'll come see you tomorrow.
What do you have in your bag?
Charlie asked Laur to teach John how to drive.
Emma expected Muhammad to kiss her.
It can be that the sentence does not sound natural, though it is correct.
I'm only halfway finished doing that.
I wonder whether we'll really do that.
The teacher said he was going to fail her.
Alex and Susie studied together.
Online dating can be dangerous.
Lucy is getting behind in her work.
I wonder whether or not Jack is having fun.
Tommy won't let me to do that.
I know that Oliver and Eva didn't do that together.
All I did was tell you what Charlie told me.
They were very patient, weren't they?
Jacob isn't part of this.
James didn't say when he would return.
How long did you leave Oscar alone?
He said he was willing to help us.
If he studied hard, he could pass the exam.
Tommy and Eva are a little older than me.
It can't be that big a deal.
Would you like to do something this weekend?
Don't ever compare your wife to another woman.
Don't completely prepare the ground for your children, otherwise they might run their head against a wall.
Joe bought this umbrella in Boston.
Muhammad can't do that alone. I hope Margaret can help him.
We remained silent.
Oliver said stuff about Laur that wasn't true.
We're running out of options.
Apart from the cost, it will take a long time to build the bridge.
Tommy thought Catherine was sleeping, but she was actually awake.
Alex told me Laur died on Monday.
He could not leave the thing alone.
Oliver and Anna claim they can do that.
How long do you expect Muhammad to stay here?
You said you'd help them.
I know that Jack knows that Olivia knows that she doesn't need to do that.
Where will you stay?
Charlie learned he shouldn't do that from his parents.
You're not invited to lunch.
He appears brave, but it's just an act.
Muhammad and Susie don't think I did that, do they?
Do you have a solution?
This poem was written by him last night.
You took your sweet time.
Stay close.
Something can be both the beginning and the end.
Don't forget to do your homework, OK?
Is there anything I can do to help out?
I think that you're going to like Australia.
They want to change the law.
He put this box on the table-top.
I was tired and hungry, and so was everyone else.
Don't talk about it.
She seemed to want me to help her.
What's the ambassador's name?
They planned on going by themselves.
I know that you're talented.
I know Muhammad is a very old friend of yours.
Can I just use this quickly please?
Do you still think you'll get into Harvard?
William was just trying to protect himself.
Whoever says so is a liar.
Can we talk about something else please?
Harry was convinced that Carmen didn't want to do that.
She said it didn't bother her.
They look like they've been crying.
I'll let everybody know.
William and Lucy told me they wouldn't win.
Harry told me that he was planning to go to Australia.
What is it that you want from me?
Oscar probably went out.
I'm going to need more money than that.
Instead of taking the elevator, let's take the stairs.
Charlie said that no one was arrested.
You said it was an emergency, so I came right away.
Oliver isn't talking to me.
Emma is getting fat, isn't she?
I know that Charlie didn't do that, even though he said he did.
Olivia is a good kid, isn't she?
Tommy and Mary didn't tell John what they needed to buy.
Joe should've been able to do that in three hours.
I hope that Harry hasn't been seriously hurt.
Is she any better today?
Tell James I'm doing my homework.
It took three weeks for me to get over my cold.
He cut himself with a razor.
A lot of our mistakes come from a lack of patience.
I realize I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
We're not desperate yet.
It'll probably snow tomorrow.
I don't do that very much.
I think you're doing well.
The parents are criminals!
I don't think James is sure that that's what Valentina wants to do.
You have a passing grade.
You found Oscar, didn't you?
I checked twice to make certain we hadn't made any mistakes.
Jacob didn't see the truck coming.
What do you do there?
Oscar didn't want to live any longer.
James is almost always at home on October 20th.
Tommy brought a salad.
The suicide letter reads: "To my family, I am finally free. Love, Julia."
Tommy has young children.
Oliver has had many unhappy experiences.
What is my room number?
I've always hated you.
It looks like Muhammad is exhausted.
Harry hopes to do that this weekend.
You warned Jacob not to do that, didn't you?
He held out his hand to welcome us.
I met her in Boston last week.
Let go of my son.
The number of fish caught in this river was very small.
We call on her now and again.
I know Harry has to do that again.
I know how you feel about this.
I believe more in diet than in drugs.
This one works.
I heard that you'll do that.
They're young.
Do you think George and Olivia want to live in Boston?
Jack said that he wanted to be left alone.
You can join us if you want.
She kissed her kids goodbye.
And here they are.
Oscar must have been nervous.
Do you have what we need?
It must've been very difficult for you to do that.
All you have to do is open your mouth and eat.
We're willing to do anything we can to help.
Joe said Monica only does that in the morning.
Emma denied that she agreed to do that.
Can't you be a little more patient?
Now why would you go and do a stupid thing like that?
Charlie isn't a drug addict.
I don't know whether I should laugh or cry.
Snakes are scary.
Alex planned to kill Alice.
If you're not in a hurry, please stay a little longer.
Don't you want Joe to be happy?
It's deeply embarrassing.
George said he knew that Margaret might do that on October 20th.
Harry told me he was different from all the other guys.
Would you like to hold my hand?
Is Harry badly hurt?
It's the first time that this has happened to me.
I can't promise anything, but I'll do my best.
You didn't drink that water, did you?
We could fix that.
He told me that he'd do that again.
Oliver injured himself.
I'm not sure what Jack does for a living.
You wrote this three years ago.
We practice a lot.
How much should you exercise?
Why were only students invited?
Joe told me that he thought Carmen would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Since he was honest, I hired him.
Let's go to eat together.
Jacob said that he plans on doing that Monday.
Harry and Julia sold their house.
Alice didn't tell me why she was going to Boston.
She said she felt very tired.
Who do you think that man is?
It still needs to be answered.
Do Charlie and Carmen attend mass?
Don't look directly at her.
I was promoted three months ago.
I'm looking for my boots.
Interest in the game has dropped off.
This child is slim.
Can you hear anything?
Can Tommy come, too?
So, what's your secret?
I feel much better now.
I work among friends, and I live among books.
What can't you do?
Jacob has been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Why are you so bent out of shape?
Hurry up, and you will be in time for school.
Who's going to help you do that?
Charlie and Olivia didn't tell John what they wanted to eat.
Doing that will be more fun than you think.
Those are our orders.
I just transferred from Australia.
I'm not supposed to leave here.
I'm pretty sure James hasn't done anything he didn't need to do.
You're such a genius.
It might tell us something.
James grabbed Valentina by the collar.
What can you teach me?
Oliver is a chemistry professor.
What was it like when Harry kissed you?
We should make it if the traffic isn't too heavy.
James picked up that habit from his father.
Alex isn't likely to do that today.
They all got behind the candidate.
I have a spare today.
Yesterday was my grandmother's birthday.
Could you please stop doing that?
Do you want to eat this?
She's very strict as a teacher.
I knew Oscar would show Eva how to do that if she asked him to.
Never mind!
I expect Charlie to take care of himself.
When should I pick you up tomorrow?
Joe may be there.
Never call me again!
It isn't nice to keep a lady waiting.
"Where does Alex get his ability in French? He's never set foot in a French-speaking country, and he has no French-speaking friends, either." "I believe he watches a lot of French movies on the Internet."
We must keep Oscar from doing that.
I wish I had the answer.
Why is Muhammad planning to do that?
I tried to call you yesterday evening. Were you out?
Adam says he's used to this kind of work.
I hope Joe doesn't need to do that.
Eva begged me to let her in.
I don't think that we can see each other anymore.
You know as well as I do that Adam doesn't know how to swim.
I wouldn't refuse to do that if I were you.
I want to be an astronaut.
Oliver doesn't seem to be as miserable as Lucy seems to be.
My mother is very busy right now.
Adam knows where Alice is going.
I would never allow that.
I'm pretty certain that Jami is in Boston now.
This directly concerns you.
I tried to tell you that three years ago.
Which is more common?
At what day are you off, usually?
Julia said she plans on staying until Monday.
Does it make any difference?
I've met a lot of bad guys.
What a loss!
Alex really doesn't have a choice.
Does Jacob have a bicycle?
Money isn't everything.
Why did the FBI raid Adam's house?
Did William say why he's going to Australia?
You could at least tell Olivia that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
The surgery was yesterday.
Harry doesn't want to do that by himself.
I just wasn't expecting this to happen.
Harry isn't likely to be on time.
I don't think that you really need to do that.
Did you drink a lot?
How long do you think it'll take us to do this?
Valentina said she knew she might be allowed to do that.
She wore a loose jacket.
We don't get many chances to do that.
Where are you today?
Muhammad said that Susie was troubled by what happened.
Leave everything as you found it.
I also have a house in Australia.
I hope that Muhammad and Eva get along.
Who is the gentleman he is speaking to?
She looks better today than when I her saw last.
I am no longer young, but I can still bite.
Is your house near a lake?
You look like you're anxious.
I can't be friends with Harry.
William said he wasn't sure Alice wanted to do that.
You mean it, don't you?
She's a night owl.
Would you mind if I tag along with you next time you go for a walk?
Joe should've gone to Australia last summer.
Alex told Emma not to be afraid to do that.
Do you speak Greek? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Eva looked like she was worried.
We can't stand apart. We ought to do something.
William said that he was willing to pay up to $300.
Who did Jami and Olivia say they were looking for?
Alex told me he thought Carmen was adopted.
I'll be home right after work.
I wanted to know where the voice was coming from.
Oliver headed back to Boston.
How do I get back?
I don't want to cause anyone any more trouble.
There's a rumor that Tommy is gay.
This is where it happened.
I asked them the same thing.
James said that he was glad to see you.
When are you going to get back from Australia?
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
We were delayed in Boston.
He saved my life at the risk of his own.
Dan seemed a promising suspect.
Tommy didn't really like the concert.
Susie said that she wasn't very sorry for what she'd done.
I think it'll rain soon.
What if William and Catherine say no?
I didn't know George used to teach you French.
I bought a lot of things.
Muhammad stuck his pencil behind his ear.
I must have lost my key along the way.
Alex almost always helps Carmen with her homework.
The man who's sitting next to Oliver is his father.
Are there any good films on this week?
She was holding an umbrella.
When will you be coming back from Boston?
I wonder if we'll still be able do that.
Tommy often changes jobs.
What belongs to you is in danger when your neighbour's house is on fire.
You're on your own for lunch.
That's hard to believe.
Should we help Jack pay for that?
I'll do that if you pay me.
I have a pain in my chest.
I already read all the Harry Potter books.
Come along with me.
Alex and Margaret are hoping you can do that with them.
Emma's husband must be missing her.
Your research will surely bear fruit.
Are these the friends you told me about?
I had made up my mind that if you didn't come for me to-night I'd go down the track to that big wild cherry-tree at the bend, and climb up into it to stay all night.
Drink some coffee. It tastes very good, I think.
There is heavy traffic in this street.
Adam arrived very early this morning.
Oliver took his ball and went home.
Get out! I don't want to talk to you!
Tommy and Emma told me that they weren't afraid.
I still haven't told Jami why I don't have to do that.
We'll wait until it's dark.
James is likely to still be in Boston now.
Jami said that he didn't want to argue.
The problem is that they only think about themselves.
Do you usually take an afternoon nap?
We could have managed without William's help.
The member of the family who is always in trouble is the black sheep.
I would have done that if I'd known how.
His theory is difficult to understand.
You've got nothing to be afraid of.
You're a bad coach.
My resume isn't as impressive as yours.
Do we have any more beer?
What is your choice?
Muhammad didn't use a cake mix. He made it from scratch.
I know William doesn't know I want to do that.
Muhammad should be in Boston by this time tomorrow.
Adam put on his glasses and began to read.
I assume Jacob will be here today.
I hope Muhammad knows why he doesn't need to do that.
James says it's up to you to do that.
I've got to go and get her.
James said he couldn't wait much longer.
Once you did it, never do it again.
I wonder if Adam and Lucy are worried.
The boss gave me permission to go home early.
I thought that Jami wasn't doing that anymore.
I think Tommy has three options.
My father's saying nothing.
Why didn't he go to Germany?
You didn't know that I had to do that, did you?
I don't have time right now to talk to anyone.
She tried to protect herself.
I don't like Boston as much as I used to.
Does Adam like your new haircut?
I would like if this didn't happen.
Don't talk about that in front of him.
Adam noticed Laur the moment she entered the room.
Money isn't the problem.
Jami showed his room to me.
Her hair hid her face.
I can bring you some water, if you like.
We don't even know what time we're supposed to be there yet.
What William said didn't make much sense.
I thought that Harry wasn't seeing anyone.
I'm working in a town not too far from Boston.
She has done what she had to do.
Two thousand people fit into this hall.
Tommy said he thought Monica was surprised.
Oscar heard the noise.
He was making his way through the crowd.
Susie is very proud of herself.
I didn't know that Jacob needed to do that again.
What time is the show?
They swore they wouldn't do that today.
Pleased to meet you, George.
You'll have to do that on your own.
I don't really have to do that anymore.
I'm pretty sure that I won't be arrested.
I don't think that anything's going to change.
Lucy said she doesn't mind doing that.
Harry and Monica have made a very big mistake.
I think that Jack is self-centered.
Jacob doesn't think Anna would likely do that.
I don't want to be the manager.
Are you in immediate danger?
You would've done the same.
I've been waiting a long time.
Laur said she thought Alex was suspicious.
My advice wasn't followed.
He cut down a tree in his yard.
I tend to look at the pictures before reading the text.
Where does this piece go?
I want to thank all of you for coming here today.
Oliver painted Susie with angel wings.
We are going to have a storm.
He asked his friends for help.
As you can see, the roof needs to be replaced.
Do you think you're bigger than Harry?
He devoted himself to the study of English literature.
Jami told everybody he was cold.
He hardly ever talks about himself.
I did it already.
Would you like to sit down?
The pond dried up last summer.
You didn't know that I had to help Joe do that, did you?
What you don't know can't hurt you.
I never asked your advice.
Have you talked to your sister recently?
Those are questions that I can't answer.
It's nice, living in the countryside.
Children should obey their parents.
What a big cake!
That's why we need to protest.
Lucy can't seem to control her anger.
Could you send me a photo of you?
Adam is traveling with his parents.
Alex won the contest.
That needs to be corrected.
This is such a surprise.
Did you know George lived in Australia for three years?
We know that Jami is unlikely to do that unless we help him.
She knew it from the start.
I didn't know that Harry and Eva were good at doing that.
Would you accept those terms?
Could you close the door, please?
He wants us to help him.
That's hard to picture.
You should let Joe buy that for you.
I wasn't as angry as everybody thought I was.
We can't afford to waste any more time.
Tommy won't likely be back soon.
He might still change his mind.
I don't like to eat the same kinds of food that Charlie likes to eat.
Harry went into Anna's office.
Can you tell me about them?
Does it upset you?
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.
People who play with mud will get their hands dirty.
Don't try to be a hero now.
I had no idea that Jami and Carmen were lying to us.
I want this letter registered.
I would like to thank you in advance for any help that you are able to give her.
You should study French harder.
Do you think you can help Oliver with that?
Alice told me that she had to split.
All hope is gone.
Did you forget your money?
He is more human in thinking than his father.
George said that he was enjoying himself.
I hope Jami isn't sleepy.
I didn't feel wanted.
Keep arms above head at all times or you will be shot on sight.
I'm a nervous wreck.
Joe and Susie watched TV until they fell asleep.
This is really good practice for you, isn't it?
I heard Muhammad went to Boston.
Please sit according to your number.
She asked me to pick her up at the station.
I was in bed all day long yesterday.
George knew nothing about the murders.
Watch James.
Not again!
We'll come to look for you.
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
Is your father a doctor?
He ate rice twice a day for many years.
You need to stop doing that right now.
Harry almost killed himself trying to do that.
They have no children, for all I know.
I don't know what size shoes George wears.
Tommy made a few serious mistakes.
We've got to discuss business.
Oscar said that Susie wasn't angry.
You've got nice legs.
Julia is slow, isn't she?
I wish I could actually do that.
Jack brought up the subject.
It isn't an issue.
We don't have any cream.
I intend to buy my wife a gold bracelet.
I was the only one who didn't fall into the trap.
How long will you remain in New York?
I am a fan of cars.
Would you mind saying that once more?
I'm afraid we're out of stock.
Are you falling for me?
I'm still training her.
Mary realized she was trapped.
This is a table.
I don't think Oscar will be using this.
Alex doesn't have to do that, does he?
He loves studying music.
Oliver said he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Harry could be stubborn at times.
Tommy looked concerned.
There's a good chance that Charlie will be punished for doing that.
Oscar used to be a professional baseball player.
Jack would have to be pretty stupid to do that.
In this life anything could happen.
Why did you write this book?
Let's go to Boston first.
That's not how it works. Let me show you how.
I was always different.
Harry said that he saw Eva this morning.
What is his character like?
The gentleman best knows himself the value of his own life.
Deep down Harry is a good guy.
Jacob said that Anna was willing to help us.
Wait here. I'll return shortly.
Surely, there is some way we can fix this.
They really don't like the rules.
You aren't the police, are you?
I met her an hour ago.
Both Jack and Emma know what happened.
He's either crazy or on drugs.
He doesn't like any sport.
My family have lived here for twenty years.
She sings.
I don't see why you should do that.
I'm a lot younger than Jack.
Can you watch Jami and Valentina?
Jacob doesn't have enough money to buy what he needs.
Did you go to Tokyo Tower?
Even if it's not true, it's a brilliant invention.
I wonder why Susie lied to us about where she'd been.
I couldn't get them to wake up.
The woman precisely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
Do we have enough gas for the trip?
I'd like to drink something hot.
She kissed him to the point that she couldn't stop.
Charlie and Emma are devoted to each other.
He was almost drowned.
Oliver isn't going to make it on time.
We should probably help them.
Please say hello to your wife for me.
Oliver wasn't aware Lucy was in the hospital.
Muhammad seems to believe everything Eva says.
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.
Do you think you're strong?
I thought that I ought to do something differently.
His behavior truly surprised me.
Is Jacob OK?
I know that Jack is a better cook than Anna.
He works hard. So he does.
Oliver is just like everyone else.
Don't speak to him like that.
Anna is being stubborn, isn't she?
I didn't wake up well this morning.
I said the exact same thing to George.
There's a pile of letters on my desk that I have to answer.
I'm afraid I can't do that for you.
It has: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
You're going to break it if you're not careful.
We should be going now.
I don't know much about fishing.
They looked away from her.
I'm afraid that he might be late for the train.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
The terms and conditions are subject to change at any time.
What are some good German movies?
He makes it a rule to write in his diary every day.
I still do that once in a while.
It's all going to work out, you'll see.
Please tell me it's crazy.
Leave them as they are or not at all.
"Well good, give me those four." "I will give you half  if you wish." "Why not all of them?" "Because I need two myself."
The service agent helped me solve my problem.
Excuse me, how much is this?
Charlie says he's learned a lot in the last three years.
Jacob and Olivia aren't going to make it in time.
Jacob and Laur are likely never to see each other again.
The price is kind of high, but it's worth it.
I don't know if Jami wants to do that or not.
You must've done something.
Margaret says she found it on the bench.
I thought Harry was meeting us here.
You're incredibly hot.
Do you have to do this every time?
She thought that she had to do that.
I don't think Oscar ought to do that here.
Make sure you don't hurt yourself.
She talks well.
Oliver suggested to Carmen that she stay away from John.
Don't ignore the signs you asked God to show you.
I miss you badly.
I work nights.
I won't stand here all day.
Joe should have learned French when he had the chance.
Oscar and Julia say they don't remember asking John to do that.
I'll help my mother wash the dishes after supper.
Emma says she isn't busy.
Lucy is afraid of the dark, isn't she?
Jacob is waiting for his son to come back home.
Adam wants to learn how to drive a car.
What must he have?
They wiped away their tears.
I took over the business from Father.
It is at best a second-rate hotel.
I know James knows who did that.
I thought that you wanted to play.
I did everything that Joe suggested.
Lunch would be great.
James isn't anything like his brother.
I know Jack is a good singer.
I'm following you.
There's no doubt Muhammad was murdered.
I really did have a great time.
That is disgusting!
I haven't heard anything.
James isn't the right man for you.
Harry didn't want to answer those questions.
There is no end to our troubles.
Eva is happy, isn't she?
If I see Muhammad and Margaret, I'll tell them that you're looking for them.
What a good idea!
You don't sleep much, do you?
Mary is my older brother's wife.
I would never have done such a thing.
I've never won anything in my life.
Alex wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
William has a daughter who's pretty tall.
He has just arrived.
She got more than she expected.
Jacob says that he doesn't know much about Australia.
Why didn't I think of this?
I didn't know Oscar would really want to do that.
I know William is a university student.
I expect him to help me.
Life is strange sometimes.
Did anybody get injured?
Do you know anyone who speaks French?
I didn't see a ghost.
He walked in the park yesterday.
I felt a sudden pain in my side.
A report came in that Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon.
It was hard for Adam to keep a straight face.
Until next year!
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.
I know Jacob is a pretty close friend of yours.
When was the last time you sent a letter abroad?
You made it, Oliver!
I lost my inspiration.
William stepped out of the car.
There is a table in the corner of the room.
I wonder why Adam and Margaret didn't do what we asked them to do.
Oliver doesn't know I'm here.
He was perfectly cool and made no resistance, but gave me one look, so ugly that it brought out the sweat on me like running.
William seemed scared about something.
I know Harry doesn't know Emma won't be able to do that.
George got off with a warning.
I tend to agree with him.
I don't know what's wrong with Jami.
I wish you didn't have to go.
I stayed with my uncle last week.
This time, you won't escape punishment.
I didn't tell Oscar to stop.
When does George usually eat?
Can you still ride a bicycle?
Harry said that he has to do that by himself.
I think Emma said that she'd do that.
Are you making Jacob a sandwich?
We went aboard the plane.
She'll be late if she doesn't hurry.
Alex is a former truck driver.
"Can I show you something?" "Sure."
It's important I hear this.
I don't think that Oliver did that on purpose.
She sticks out like a sore thumb.
It isn't something I can miss.
Harry told me he thought you could win.
He asked me to communicate his wishes to you.
Charlie played tennis.
How much weight have you lost?
I'm pretty sure that James doesn't do that anymore.
Jacob usually makes two or three cups of tea with one tea bag.
Muhammad couldn't have known what had happened.
Do you really want to know why I didn't do what you asked me to do?
I don't want to discuss that with Muhammad.
Muhammad stopped the fight.
Jami said that he hadn't intended to hurt Julia.
Jack and Susie have spent all their money.
Those are true statements.
Tommy is scary, isn't he?
I understand that no one wants to help us.
Oscar knows that he should do that soon.
Why were you driving Jami's car?
Adam called Anna, but somebody else answered her phone.
It looks like you've been crying.
What's so pressing?
We've got them over a barrel.
Though only 16, he is independent of his parents.
I wonder why Adam is so lazy.
She may not like what she sees.
I don't know about this one.
Olivia thought that she'd be safe there.
It's amazing how much he can stand.
Your shirts need to be washed.
The way Adam drives, he's going to have an accident sooner or later.
Carmen's father doesn't allow her to drive.
You won't get rid of me that easily.
Alice said she didn't have the courage to do that.
Is the school work hard?
Never have I seen such a cute puppy as this.
Adam and Lucy told me that they were bored.
George felt a little nervous.
Can you take a look at this for me?
Ask him whether George is at home or not.
The food is getting cold.
I admit that I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
His letter made me angry.
John passed among the crowd.
I like pepper.
I will try.
Harry was really excited about that.
I thought that there was a good chance that Oliver wouldn't want to go with us.
It's a small problem.
Laur was hurt.
William said I looked sophisticated.
Jami really knows a lot about baseball.
Adam did everything he could to keep Anna from doing that.
William will spend tomorrow here.
My brother isn't home.
It seemed that Tommy and Monica were sick.
Eva says she didn't know she had to do that.
All hope abandon, ye who enter in.
Which factory was it?
Oliver is a very talented young director.
What kind of songs are popular these days?
I don't think Oscar wanted us to do that.
In the end, Jane didn't buy it.
I know that Harry is a friend of Julia's.
I'll be staying for a while.
You're really bad at it.
A couple of months ago, they laid me off.
He surprised me.
Why did you say such a stupid thing?
Tommy got a bottle of water out of the fridge.
He doesn't talk to his neighbors.
I don't see the problem here.
I know why Oscar got fat.
Laur is really creative, isn't she?
We still don't know.
I hated her.
My mother cannot drive a car at all.
Jacob and Anna said they weren't the least bit tired.
I know that George is a very patient man.
They have no children, to the best of my knowledge.
Alex is more likely to help than Mary is.
When's your first class?
I know Jami is out on the porch.
This rule allows no exception.
That's what I was trying to tell you.
I doubt that Adam will want to do that on October 20th.
My mother can't read without glasses.
I'm going to Boston on business.
I'm supposed to make sure William doesn't forget to buy the tickets.
Muhammad wasn't prepared to do that.
I need to tell her something.
I'll come by.
Something wonderful happened last Monday.
If you've got a problem, I'd like to know what it is.
Jami said that he thought that Catherine would enjoy doing that.
She talks about everything with her parents.
The only thing George ate was one slice of bread.
As for me, I will not approve of the plan.
Maybe some other time.
I don't have to say anything to Muhammad.
This is way too difficult for me.
James needed space.
I don't really know what was going on.
How are you dealing with all the stress?
I didn't expect Muhammad to be so friendly.
Do you eat a lot of fish?
I tear my clothes when I work in the garden.
Jack comes to Australia every other Christmas.
How did you find out that Muhammad didn't do that?
Don't talk back to me! I know what's better for you.
Now let's move on.
I've never sung in public before.
James may want to stay in Australia until the end of the month.
I'm trying to get back in shape.
The teacher's young daughter was a beautiful blonde with big blue eyes.
This new technology cannot fail, can it?
Your parents raised you well.
I am always harder on myself than I am on other people.
Could you stop, please?
William noticed something was odd.
The trouble is that it costs too much.
That bridge isn't long.
"Jump across the ditch." "I will if you will."
She cut her finger on the broken glass.
Who'll do that for us?
Written too quickly, the letter had many mistakes.
They all have arms, legs, and heads, they walk and talk, but now there's SOMETHING that wants to make them different.
I used to do that when I was a kid.
He said each meeting should begin with a prayer.
What shall I experience?
I need some answers from him.
He lifted the spoon up to his mouth.
This hotel belongs to my brother-in-law.
Who did you translate this for?
Why don't you just go talk to her?
They lied to us.
This is Adam's.
They all stopped.
Let me give you a little money.
Harry has long blond hair and blue eyes.
Tommy grew up in foster care.
Is there any chance Oscar will agree to the plan?
The dog is in the house.
I know that Jami and Monica are embarrassed.
Oscar moved to Australia a year ago Monday.
Do you think that what we did helped?
Read me your speech.
Muhammad said he was frightened.
Mike, how's it going?
Only James can talk to Emma.
He can handle English well.
James and Susie say they didn't know John wouldn't want to do that.
Oliver said he hoped that Monica wouldn't cry.
James promised Emma that he'd help her get ready for the party.
William asked us what we would do if the weather was nice.
George always wondered why Susie hated John.
Alex looked around the room, but didn't see Lucy.
Is it true that you dated William in high school?
Do you like this music?
Harry is likely to do that.
Let's try to do something.
Aren't you a little too young to be dating a guy as old as Oliver?
I thought he would be upset.
We need to do that immediately.
I might not leave Boston.
Emily is staying in Melanie's house.
I nearly forgot to give it to Jami.
George is the right boy for the job.
Harry looked closer.
We should have done what Jami wanted us to do.
Send Joe over.
I can't sleep with all this noise.
Many foreigners speak good Japanese.
George said that he hopes that Carmen will be at the party.
Alex wasn't up yet.
You're going to love it.
My mom is two years younger than my dad.
Mary was taken hostage.
He's by himself.
I hope Oliver and Emma aren't drunk.
Please don't mention this to anyone.
He is not like he seems.
Harry is going to be waiting for us in the lobby.
Did you think that I was making too much noise?
You can tell me anything you like and I won't tell anyone else.
It looks like it might rain, so don't forget your umbrella.
It would be dangerous to do that now.
Charlie and Carmen said they thought John might want to do that.
They have talent.
She had a radio.
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
What do you mean by this expression?
I'm taking my coffee with me.
That will be enough for now.
I think Charlie was lying to us.
Don't hold back, shout.
You don't like Alex, do you?
Can you show us the house?
I know one thing, that I know nothing.
Just tell me what you need.
What can I do to convince you?
He didn't pay anything.
Olivia is always prepared, isn't she?
We need your expert opinion.
I need to go to the gym.
I take it you know him.
How much is left in your savings account?
This food doesn't taste good at all.
I hope you don't say something stupid.
Did you plan that with her?
He acts like he knows everything.
Are you sure we're doing the right thing?
I sent the package to William and Emma yesterday, so they should get it by Monday.
James tried to impress the young lady.
Alex probably won't be able to do that as well as Monica.
When does Anna want me to help her do that?
Do you know why Muhammad is late?
You may want to tell him that.
They are going to throw a party for Sam.
I need a pair of scissors.
We could meet for a drink.
I thought I was a train.
It is not really visible to the naked eye.
I just realized those are much more pages that I have thought.
Does Oliver go to the market?
Your purse is open.
I was just fooling around.
He had no chance to defend himself.
You should think before you begin to speak.
You're being negative again.
She answered her own question.
I should have seen that coming.
Slow your horses!
Oscar said he'd be driving to Boston on Monday.
She said she hasn't yet done that.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I couldn't.
James is lucky Susie is here to help him do that.
Tommy was wearing gloves.
Does Oscar go to school?
I think that package is for Tommy.
Harry said that he knew Lucy was going to be late.
I don't know why we say it like that, we just do.
I can't do that to you.
All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often.
Jami and Eva said they knew they might not be allowed to do that.
Many students go to Europe for the purpose of studying music.
I had no other choice but to take him at his word.
Harry knows that I'm not very happy about it.
We were just in time for the last train.
They locked her up.
William has a very good voice.
Jack said he was almost ready to do that.
I think it's time to eat.
What do you think about the future?
Oscar will give Catherine everything she wants.
Why can't they do it?
Adam seemed a bit crazy.
I perform my work very well.
Why is Oscar being nice to me?
He deserved it.
Maybe you should do this together.
Muhammad isn't confused, but Alice is.
I think that Oliver doesn't want to go to the dance with Margaret.
How fast can you walk over here?
Oscar threw a cup of cold water on Anna's face to wake her up.
I'll take it up with them.
With any luck, there will be no school tomorrow.
George had an affair.
Have I any letters or messages?
I didn't know how much James wanted to do that.
Adam seemed naive.
I'm sure Jami could teach Anna how to do that.
You'll stay in my hotel.
I hope you get that job in Australia that you want.
I'm sorry for my late response.
I'm likely to go to Boston in the fall.
This was your idea, wasn't it?
He knows why.
Why does Jacob want to go to Australia?
The child next door has to attend three different extra classes every month.
Lucy said she's never eaten Thai food.
James said Lucy was grateful for what you did for her.
That's fine.
William said that he knew Eva might not want to do that.
A good many people have an interest in things American.
Tommy hit one of the boys and knocked him to the ground.
I imagine he's not going to be too happy about that.
I don't cut her hair.
Oliver is much better than I am at doing that.
Jacob and Susie pretended to be angry even though they really weren't.
The problem was beyond me.
Charlie was one of us.
Nothing could have prepared Oscar for what was about to happen.
Can I come tomorrow, too?
Would you like some wine?
He's serious.
Adam said you're stubborn.
I hope someone will do that for Jacob.
Harry says he needs to go home right away.
I need to learn how to do that.
The weather couldn't have been better.
I was surprised when Charlie said he was unhappy here.
Jack thinks his job is pointless.
The library is closing.
I know that Harry hasn't asked Anna to do that yet.
You were just doing your duty.
Carmen picked some fresh flowers from the garden.
Jack and Anna are going to pay me back what they owe me on Monday.
James won't likely be pleased.
Adam didn't come today, either.
Can you help me with this?
I'm supposed to make sure there's no trouble.
We shouldn't fight.
Charlie can't understand why Monica is angry.
Jacob told Susie he needed to talk to her.
Harry probably doesn't know that Julia needs to do that.
You'll get another chance to do that later.
Did you ask Jack and Emma if they did that by themselves?
I'd rather die than surrender.
Do you think I had something to do with that?
How far away is your farm?
Jacob looks like he's lost weight.
I don't know where Jami and Laur were going.
George and Alice wished they'd been more careful.
This was easier than I thought it would be.
William asked Monica to buy him something to drink.
I doubt very seriously that Adam will be tomorrow afternoon.
I didn't know that Alex was living on Park Street.
Charlie is better off now than he was three years ago.
She canceled her appointment.
My sister is not very organized and forgot to register for the course.
I've always thought you were from Australia.
Waiter, bring me a double.
Harry wants to get a dog.
Joe put down his spoon and picked up his cup.
I don't eat dark meat.
Let me be your alibi.
Look after her.
Carol often watches horror films.
She made fun of her husband.
George never laid a hand on me.
In summer, it is hot.
I'm not going to talk about that.
Have you found them yet?
Please tell Harry that I'll do that tomorrow.
Oscar bought Laur something.
Dan wanted to live in Mexico.
Would you like to talk about what Charlie did?
Adam pretended that he didn't know that Olivia had stolen his money.
She couldn't resist.
She's hoping we'll do that with her.
I didn't have any reason not to trust Joe.
Joe has already decided that he isn't going to stay here.
Don't sit on the counter.
Now you can cross the road.
Please follow the school rules.
You ought to have come to my wedding reception earlier.
Jacob and I didn't like each other.
I got out of the pool.
I suppose I could buy that for you.
Both Adam and Anna should have known better.
A dance will be held on Friday.
Charlie told me that he thought that Mary knew French.
Valentina is getting married, isn't she?
Instead of laying off these workers, why don't we just cut their hours?
This is the first time that we've given a concert in Boston.
The university is a waste of time.
James knew that I was going to win.
A fly is as likely to land on shit as it will on pie.
I thought Alex and Carmen were lying.
Oscar could do that now if you wanted him to.
Oscar never got a chance to talk to Valentina.
Jacob might not need to do that.
That guy is very self-centered.
Who cares what they think?
Oscar is on fire.
Tommy knew where he'd put his keys.
He's in love with words.
He was at the front for three months.
I'm not saying it's not possible.
I thought I smelled bacon.
Jami and Eva said that they weren't sorry.
Does she have a piano?
They know exactly what they should do.
He likes Catherine.
A lot of companies are going under lately because banks are so tight with their money.
I'm just being me.
We have many friends.
George would want us to continue.
Jack said that Monica wanted to borrow some money from him.
Eva says that Jack has a new girlfriend.
I haven't told you the most important thing yet.
I don't know if George is coming or not.
We must leave!
Oliver claims he's never done that.
Do you smell something strange?
I don't want to live like that.
Charlie doesn't know whether Julia likes him or not.
Jami said that he didn't know Catherine was going to eventually do that.
I drove the car.
Can you excuse me for a minute?
I go to Boston quite often.
Why should James and Julia insist that John do that for them?
You should have already discussed that with James.
Jacob doesn't like the way Julia treats John.
Oliver doesn't seem to be as happy as Mary.
She phoned him several times but he was too busy to return her call.
I'm sure George and Susie don't hate you.
I'll do everything that I can.
You aren't allergic to anything, are you?
I understand a little French, but I can't speak it very well.
The children are playing outside.
Look, you can't wing the test and expect to ace it, Joe.
I've sent it by Post.
I like your shoes.
Let's get off the subject.
I don't think I heard you correctly.
Are you going in costume this year?
I'm almost certain that won't happen today.
She looks like she's tired.
You'd better take care of it.
Lucy says she'll still be here at 2:30.
I am sure of your son coming back safe and sound.
How long has that been happening?
I have plans to go to Boston next month.
Forgive me, but I have no change.
Joe is incredibly stupid, isn't he?
You shouldn't put all your eggs in one basket.
Muhammad never quit anything.
Tommy said that it was quite easy to do that.
The city is at the foot of the mountain.
Tell Charlie and Laur that they should lose some weight.
I know that she doesn't know who I am.
I don't think I'll go today.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
Do you still think that's what Oliver wants?
I seem to have run out of steam this term.
You borrow a book.
This is the book Oliver was talking about yesterday.
I knew that George knew who did that for him.
Tommy isn't boring, but Julia is.
Jami went to the window to get a better look at what was happening.
George couldn't convince Mary that he was innocent.
Muhammad slept much longer than he had planned to.
It's an opportunity to get to know each other better.
The fish was delicious.
What makes you think I won't sing?
George didn't know that I couldn't do that.
Alice said that she was eating.
She was wearing a strange hat.
William just called me a few minutes ago.
I hope that you know that the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
Oliver probably doesn't study French.
Jami said that it was him who should show Olivia how to do that.
Are you the boss?
That's why I like Jami.
My boyfriend is a journalist.
I'm going to do that this fall.
Anna said she thinks Alex can take care of himself.
Did you get anything?
The deadline is drawing near.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
How can I get in touch with you?
It looks like Adam and Eva have done that.
It's the height of madness to say so.
Come home right away.
What kind of bait do you think would be the best to use?
This is probably the last thing I will ever post.
I just want people to be careful.
The island is very easy to reach.
James and I both saw Catherine slap John.
I was late because I was sure that the lessons started later.
How did she get involved?
It's a beautiful picture.
Alex hasn't done anything all morning.
I found Oscar.
I will stay at home.
Did you know that's from Australia?
Olivia called to tell Jack that she'd be late.
Jacob and Margaret told John they wouldn't do that again.
Jack broke up with Susie and has started going out Alice.
After a long day at work, nothing is better than a good night's sleep.
Do you have any cash?
I'm probably not the only person who wants to do that.
I had trouble getting the window open.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Harry is fighting in the street.
There must be some kind of misunderstanding.
Just as I thought.
You've got a bright future.
I realize that Harry hasn't been doing that.
Careful! Someone could hear us!
I saw you with Valentina.
I don't like it when Jacob and Julia stay out late at night.
Laur said she hoped she could learn how to do that.
He is being very polite today.
Will you do what you're told, for once?
I don't know where we'll go tomorrow.
I thought that we played well.
Get me a slice of pie, too.
When his wife died, he received dozens of letters of sympathy.
I love reading science fiction.
Don't let her throw her life away.
Valentina told me that she's broke.
Those who lose themselves in passion lose less than those who lose their passion.
They intended to kill themselves.
I don't go fishing very much anymore, but I used to go quite often.
She said that she'd win and she did.
I hope we'll be able to do that.
I wondered if Charlie was going to do that by himself.
I know you're angry with me.
I live next to Oliver.
It was lucky you were there to help Jami.
Is your French getting better?
George said Emma often leaves early.
He isn't as weak as he used to be.
Can you forgive me?
We must clean our class.
Jane is very content with her job and has no desire to quit it.
It occurred to me that he must have lost the money.
She was still a virgin.
I don't think that James would be here if he didn't have to be.
I can only keep a secret so long as no one asks me about it.
Why is no one here yet?
Doing that's illegal here.
He obviously likes her a lot.
I know that Jacob didn't know that you didn't have to do that.
Muhammad lives just down the street.
He warned the children against playing in the street.
Alex didn't think that he would make it.
I did that, too.
We'll take care of this for you.
Joe does good work.
I know exactly what you're trying to do.
Is it necessary for George and Julia to go by themselves?
Get out of here quickly!
You seemed interested.
The city was filled with panic.
Jacob and Susie said that they felt like getting drunk.
James tried to do that same thing Catherine was doing.
I'll try to finish writing the report today.
Why do Harry and Mary never smile?
That word dropped from his mouth.
Whatever happens, I want you to know that I love you.
You aren't yet old enough to drink, are you?
How're you all doing today?
To tell you the truth, I lost your pen.
Who's in there with you?
William is an expert in this field.
Adam's father is a policeman.
She never saw her sister again.
James and Anna immediately became friends.
After hearing the tragic news, he went outside to be alone.
I know that Alex would tell you how to do that if you asked him.
Are you really in control?
We could have a problem if Harry and Emma show up early.
I couldn't be happier for the two of you.
Jack thought he might have to do that.
Will you do the same?
There's only one thing that I really want.
I know that Catherine is more beautiful than I am.
Tommy wants to sell the farm.
And the evening and the morning were the third day.
Oscar has been wearing that same shirt all week.
This box is still empty.
Jack and Catherine were in Australia all last year.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anyone about that.
I hope that that isn't the case.
I wish I could visit Boston.
We will soon be ready for the party.
A stranger approached him.
Why are you doing what you're doing?
Close that door!
I think that Jami wants me to go with him.
Joe can't really be as mean as people say he is.
Honey is sweet.
Why are you all so happy?
It wasn't easy for Charlie to tell Margaret what she needed to hear.
I suggest you do that by yourselves.
They'd help you if you asked them to.
When did you come up with such an idea?
Charlie let us know he needed to do that.
I decided not to drink.
Emma told me that she wasn't so sure.
They were good kids.
Oliver can convince anyone to do anything.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle, and what's more, a bicycle.
My boyfriend likes pasta like me.
I have to go to the doctor today.
Nothing's good enough for her.
Why is James out here?
I think that Joe will come back.
What do James and Lucy have in mind?
Every time something unusual happens, I get blamed.
Muhammad made the announcement Monday.
Oliver has been out in the sun too long.
They said they didn't plan to go.
I have nothing in common with him.
I have some food.
She isn't so sure, is she?
Oliver is likely to be prepared, isn't he?
I'd do that again if Charlie asked me to.
I don't want your pity.
Who owns this ship?
You can't go in there alone.
When you really fall in all, you give your all. You surrender completely.
Who's going to do that for you?
He has been sitting there for two hours.
It's such a unique combination.
I love this sentence.
We've changed so many things.
Time runs on.
I just had a talk with your doctor.
I didn't think Jami would be the last one to do that.
He didn't want to call his lawyer.
You're going to laugh.
You're the only one here who doesn't know William.
Can you tell Jami that I'm here?
We've already decided that we'll go to Boston in October.
Harry and Laur are doing what they have to do.
She'd do that if she knew how.
He set out on a trip yesterday.
There was blood.
Alex wished he were dead.
This room has a king-size bed.
I know Jacob is a primary school teacher.
Oscar answered the telephone.
I woke up at eleven o'clock.
I think Oliver is having fun.
I kicked Charlie.
What are we having for breakfast?
Where's Boston?
We'll fail.
The district is short of water.
What on earth?
I don't think that you've done that right.
Happy fourth of July!
I need paint.
Muhammad said that he thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
I don't think Tommy would mind if we did that.
How do you handle complaints from neighbors?
Carmen said that she isn't tired.
I'd just like to talk with Jack before we leave.
I'm not the best person to ask.
Did you find his address?
I don't think that it's wise to do that now.
I'd like to wash up if I may.
I've spoken to Muhammad.
Did she say anything else about me?
Tommy has started doing that.
I'll have to tell them.
We'll need an extra ten dollars.
I just spent over three thousand dollars.
I can't jump over that ditch.
I saw some bodies.
He said in a telephone call he could not be happier with the discovery.
The cold is terrible this year.
I'm probably the one who'll do that.
What difference does that make to Jack?
Do you want to know why I didn't do that?
It's important that we do this correctly.
Adam said that it was bad.
I ran out of breath.
Charlie asked Eva why she needed to stay in Australia until Monday.
She's in boarding school in Florence.
I now regret saying that.
My briefcase is full of papers.
He says that he does that a lot.
Don't talk ... as if you know what it's like...
George is going to Australia this spring.
Alex and Susie still haven't told me why they had to do that.
Harry said that he knew he might need to do that on Monday.
I couldn't eat anything at all.
Oliver says Olivia has always lived in Australia.
You pay him well, don't you?
Why not let him try?
Alex said he thought that Eva was going to be able to do that.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that for you.
Oscar will wait for us.
You're not backing out now, are you?
Leave us alone.
He told me he could do that.
Am I going the right way?
Jack told Julia that he thought John was home every Monday.
We like it.
I was supposed to have done that by 2:30.
Susie bought her dream house.
I've done it again.
Oliver is very good at sports, but not very good at school.
Who told you I was going to do that?
George and Margaret think they can prove it.
Jami did that for his children.
Are you saying you don't want William to come to your party?
Sometimes I feel afraid of myself.
Oliver said Carmen knew that she might not have to do that again.
William and Lucy said that they waited until 2:30.
I know that George doesn't know why I didn't need to do that.
Why do people envy each other?
Almost all men hate something, but I am very good at being patient.
I had two dogs.
We often travel together.
I think that Muhammad could do that if he tried.
I'm pretty interested in doing that right now.
Didn't you know Muhammad didn't like baseball?
Doing that was the sensible thing to do.
I think Harry will try to kill Susie.
Their job is to clean the garage.
In my next life I want to be born as a deadly virus.
Do you have a pair of scissors I could borrow?
I think we shouldn't make a decision until we hear from Harry.
They will assist us.
The truth is I don't like her.
There is no time to spare.
James can't wait to see you.
Please tell Harry not to do that again.
Charlie and Lucy soon realized that they weren't alone.
Could you find out how to get there?
I hardly ever speak French anymore.
Joe's cooking.
Can't you stop him from crying?
You never listen, no matter how many times I tell you.
I didn't know that Tommy needed to do that today.
I'm not going to let anyone do that.
You've got to fight back.
If Charlie and Lucy were here, I wouldn't have to do that.
It has nothing to do with him.
I know Muhammad knew who did that for you.
Tommy and Susie decided to go to Boston by themselves.
I know Charlie won't wait for us.
Jami said that Julia was likely to be miserable.
Joe did what he felt he needed to do.
I've read in the newspaper about people who got shot for far less than what you've done.
Every question has an answer.
You can see a white tower over there.
I know that Muhammad didn't know that Carmen had to do that.
Do you know what that is?
We'll never reach London before dark.
I'm a student, but Charlie isn't.
Harry and Lucy aren't healthy.
Alex is obviously a good teacher.
I've never had a girlfriend.
I felt nervous with so many people watching me.
She walked her three dogs every day.
Tommy is a dangerous guy.
A man named Slim was killed in that accident.
Oliver said Mary is going to do that on her own.
He says he's good at cooking.
I watched Adam swim.
He wishes to become a doctor.
We are in grave danger.
Jack and Margaret wish they could speak French as well as John.
I want to get Tommy something nice for his birthday.
Muhammad can neither read nor write.
I don't think I'll tell Joe about this.
She has lost her car keys.
Ask Oliver to apologize to Catherine.
He said he'd try again.
Are you not hungry?
George isn't likely to know where Olivia lives.
You're always welcome at my place.
Tommy won't likely tell Anna he's hungry.
Charlie and Monica should never have tried doing that by themselves.
You don't entirely trust us, do you?
George wasn't ever in Boston.
Murderer!
I think we should wait until William gets here before we eat.
Charlie said that Mary was jealous.
I suggest you keep your opinions to yourselves from now on.
Why are you short with me?
I think I'm going to go inside.
I'm going to buy that painting.
I lost myself, as I usually do when I'm in a conversation.
You deserve a pay raise.
I didn't show them anything.
I'd rather you came tomorrow than today.
I can have so much fun just playing by myself.
Jack doesn't want to admit that Carmen was right and that he was wrong.
They didn't tell me they were married.
I know Oliver might ask Anna to do that.
A screen divided the room into two.
Oscar let us know that he didn't mind driving.
He works all night.
This lesson is boring.
James went inside the house.
They can understand everything I am saying.
Oliver shouldn't have asked Lucy to do that.
It hadn't crossed my mind.
William said that Julia wasn't studying French anymore.
Where did she find such an ugly hat?
I gave my old coat to them.
Don't blame this on me.
I couldn't ask for anything better.
I'm stronger.
This tree measures three meters around.
Alex and Lucy were sitting in their usual places.
Tommy thinks he knows everything.
You knew that James told Susie not to do that, didn't you?
He doesn't live there anymore.
She isn't likely to do that, is she?
Oliver, Valentina, John and Alice were all there.
Only a thief knows the ways of a thief.
Jacob told Monica that he had a cold.
Last night I dreamt I was eating bees.
I wasn't surprised that Muhammad didn't want to do that.
Monica will need at least $300 to buy what she needs.
I'll just wait here until Harry arrives.
We would like to eat the lunch together.
Give me some water.
I'm just learning how things work around here.
You've been a lot of help.
Oliver caught the ball with both hands.
I don't like it when you're so busy.
Alex didn't deny he was the one who stole Valentina's necklace.
Wouldn't you like to know why Muhammad didn't do that?
Joe doesn't know what has to be done.
I don't wish to debate this.
If you are a good boy, I will give you this watch.
I want to know when you'll arrive.
Why should I talk to Alex?
Adam doesn't smoke or drink.
I thought I told you I didn't want you to be here.
What is your favorite sound?
Keep notes.
I'll be thirty in a couple of weeks.
This part of the sea is deep and dangerous.
Don't hurt him.
I thought that you had a date with Alex.
I can't find my other glove.
My stomach has been hurting.
They say that they want to help you.
What have you done to me?
This is all he has to do.
Let me see what's going on in the next room.
Have you already booked our seats on a plane?
She always wanted love.
Oscar was my mom's dog.
I want to spend more time with Charlie.
Oliver doesn't think he can finish the job alone.
You'll let me know, won't you?
I have to do something before it's too late.
That isn't exactly what I intended to do.
It is true that he got full marks on the test.
I heard that Harry and Laur weren't at school today.
Someone must go with Jami.
It's difficult to have great ideas.
I wish you'd given me a little more notice.
Joe used to be successful.
No smoking.
There's no doubt that she'll visit England this summer.
Muhammad is well-known around here.
What time does Jack think we should leave in order to get to the airport on time?
The earth is blue. Like an orange.
Jami told Valentina that he thought John wasn't home.
He parked his car in front of the building.
Alex married her anyway.
Oscar thought both of Margaret's ideas were good.
It's out of the question.
She seems to be in trouble. Tell her what to do.
I'm not able to have children.
Oliver found a dead body in the woods.
Jami seemed unhappy.
Shouldn't Tommy be doing that outside?
You didn't know Harry didn't have time to do that, did you?
His technique was absolutely amazing.
I can't call the cops on them.
Bring an umbrella without forgetting.
I'm not sure where you live.
Muhammad said he thought I was funny.
I have no intention of discussing this further.
I wonder whether Oscar and Eva are still poor.
Please do what you consider necessary.
He may do as he likes.
It's a trap!
Joe thought he might not have to do that.
Don't move!
He lay down in a comfortable position.
He only did half of his homework.
Oscar has found another way to do that.
I hate cops like him.
I don't remember if I locked the door or not.
Jacob and Valentina are going to have to paint their barn again next year.
I received your letter yesterday.
How do you know Harry and Mary aren't going to do that?
I didn't think that Joe would get the job.
He says that he'll do that today.
They talked about their families.
I'd do that again if I had the chance.
When did she get married?
I run into all kinds of people in my line of work.
I don't like people.
It looks like you need help.
Fresh coffee will be ready in a minute.
It was Monica's turn to be shocked.
Mary said she'd only talk to Harry.
I hold you responsible for this incident.
You've been paid.
Is there any chance Oscar will agree?
Harry has a huge ego.
Jack couldn't answer my questions.
You aren't Adam's type.
I want you to get your own place.
Margaret will probably tell Jami she'll do that.
Can you survive on your salary?
Something extraordinary happened.
James thought that he had plenty of time to catch his plane, but he only just made it by the skin of his teeth.
I can do anything I want to.
It isn't good to eat between meals.
This was all free.
I don't think that this shirt suits a red tie.
I know that it's highly unlikely I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
This car looks angry.
I put on a sweater.
She said that she'd go to church.
Nothing's happened yet, but I'm sure it will.
You need to think for yourselves.
Julia said she didn't need any more time.
Security is still a concern.
How many passengers are on this plane?
We're all sure of that.
Take two.
I didn't think you would show up.
William asked me what I'm thinking.
Take a short walk every day.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that when you were in Boston.
I guess I needed someone to blame.
I hope we see you again soon.
Some didn't want to discuss.
Oliver thinks that Catherine doesn't want to do that.
Harry and Olivia said they were unlikely do that.
Charlie is a really rich person.
If you've caught a cold, then don't come to school.
Jami is stealing.
Muhammad didn't want to get arrested.
She was very active with her children.
Catherine has lost her keys.
What should I do, Charlie?
Charlie was a teacher.
George said he wished he hadn't given Anna any money.
I can often hear my neighbors arguing.
Your birthday's coming up.
I knew Charlie was here.
It's easy to get lost.
You didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Mary couldn't find her left shoe.
Try to get the story straight.
I'm the one that ought to do that.
Did it ring?
It is the behavior of the control group that is important in this connection.
We won't know.
They said that they'd be able to do that.
I felt lonely.
James told everyone that he had been abducted by aliens.
They didn't notice the increase in noise.
It was nice of him to help.
He grew up to be a great scientist.
If you don't want to be here, you don't have to stay.
I bought a hat in the shop.
Julia knows this.
You know where to find me if you need me.
I joined the golf club three years ago.
Tell me what you did to her.
Joe's French is getting better.
What are you doing wearing William's clothes?
You must take the second street on the right.
Harry is cooking now.
Wow, look at this.
I could've sworn I heard something.
We have to make do with what we've got.
We've got to stop her.
I need to figure out what's going on.
We are his children.
For all I knew, William could be dead.
Does the medicine act on the stomach?
Alex told me I'd never win again.
Give me my pen back.
I want this fruit.
How's everybody?
Now I'm having fun.
Joe let the secret out.
This coffee is good.
I met an old woman.
This is a fork.
Good day, my sweetheart! Why are you still in bed? Are you sick?
Alex ripped the page out.
Another war, and we all will be killed.
I'm a huge fan of yours.
Tommy told me about what you did.
Does Adam live here with you?
Oliver was the only one who could do that.
Was it really that bad?
According to one story, the money was round so that it could roll from place to place.
She's a woman now.
George is the one who told me why I needed to go to Australia.
I'll remember you forever.
I'm glad to be back.
William will do that today as well.
It sounds lovely.
I think William and Laur aren't serious.
I begged Oliver for mercy.
James isn't at school.
So what's next for William?
We haven't found a solution to that problem yet.
They said that they'll be doing that soon.
It is time you went to school.
I have eaten a lot this morning.
Jami is looking for them.
I don't eat as much as Muhammad and Valentina do.
Eva said she'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
My car is in the parking lot.
Nothing but a full apology would satisfy him.
Is that your daughter?
George isn't quite finished yet.
Joe never saw any wolves, but he could hear them.
Let me call my lawyer.
How can I turn off this light?
I can't call her.
I see an old woman under the tree.
You should tell Susie that you love her.
We've got more money than they do.
I know that Joe doesn't know Monica shouldn't be doing that.
I go swimming about twice a week.
He looks a good deal better today.
I was really worried about you yesterday.
I see a boy.
Everything was completely black.
Who was Adam dating back then?
Jami is going to be jealous.
I'm a little cold.
Please ask to see if it's OK if we do that.
I knew George wouldn't be late.
Are you suggesting that I've made an error?
I never should've taken it.
When did you find out?
I don't know what he's trying to say.
I've warned Oliver not to do that.
How did you come to school?
I need to know when to show up.
Are you feeling any better today?
Oliver has already decided he's going to say yes.
Harry wasn't wearing a Halloween costume.
You are way out of your league.
Jami has lost it.
I'm afraid of doing that.
Laur said she didn't think George had to do that again.
They're all excited to see you.
Jami is doing nothing wrong.
I thought you recognized her.
Who told you to bring me here?
William couldn't borrow as much money as he needed.
This ball is round.
What's your record?
Both drinking and smoking are bad for your health.
Joe died October 20th.
The room was cleaned by George.
Jacob wanted Susie to help him clean the house.
Jacob is allergic to house dust.
I suspect Muhammad and Eva are uncomfortable.
Jami and Valentina are going to visit Australia.
Margaret told me she was embarrassed.
She knows more than she's letting on.
Alex told Lucy and me that we should try to do it by ourselves.
I agree with some of what Muhammad said.
I regret that I can't help you.
Wait over there.
I want to be the one who makes you laugh.
He is not so much a professor as a TV star.
Just be careful with them.
Why don't you try calling William one more time?
Catherine and William go to high school.
Does the hat fit well?
I am going to the swimming pool.
I assume that boy who looks so much like you is your brother.
That's why I can not believe it.
Which guitar should I get?
Alex loved to help people.
I don't want to wait till the last minute.
Muhammad told me to sit down.
Alex talks to just about everybody that he passes on the street.
Look out! There's a truck coming!
William should tell Monica that he wants her help.
Are you worried about the promotion?
I haven't done very much this year.
They went back to their seats.
Charlie knows he can trust you.
We aren't like that.
Tommy said he could do nothing.
How does the paper feel?
You're the only one who did that, aren't you?
He gave a loud cry with pain.
Can't you keep your voice down?
I know Jack isn't ready to do that.
I didn't think that anybody really thought Tommy was busy.
I appreciate your efforts to help me.
I guess that that's what we all want to do.
You should work in the interests of humanity.
Adam started laughing when I told him what Alice had done.
They didn't even know how to write their own names.
Everything was stolen.
Thank you for the beautiful flowers.
I just want Carmen to know that we'll miss her.
I gave them all the information they requested.
I won't do that the way Oscar suggested.
Haven't you ever considered doing that?
We are noisy as a whole.
Jacob doesn't like talking to strangers.
Do you tell Charlie everything?
Jack is beginning to see why he should've paid more attention in French class.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be cancelled.
Everybody laughed at his error.
The old woman is crossing the road.
I don't have that much money.
Charlie and Margaret did their best to persuade John not to tell their parents about the accident.
They said they didn't have a choice.
Why do you feel that way?
Apart from her temper, she's all right.
One more step and you're dead!
I hope it stops raining.
Charlie and Lucy announced their engagement today.
Honey, are you OK?
I was a rich man.
I hope all your dreams come true.
That's just what I want.
I sat next to Jack.
Don't let them run away.
Why don't you sit here a moment?
You must study English every day.
How can I stop George?
Crying is normal.
"Are you going to do that today?" "No, I'll do that tomorrow."
Didn't you know Adam was going to do that with Valentina?
Tommy buried his dog over there.
Let's help them solve their problems.
They ask her many questions.
They dropped out of school.
Always be grateful to your mother and father.
Oscar may win this time.
Margaret had a flu.
Jack and Eva told me they weren't injured.
It's not open for debate.
I don't like the way Harry talks.
Should I go with you?
Muhammad married a wealthy widow.
You are not a coward.
Every comment is unnecessary.
I've arranged your meeting with Oliver.
Both of my sisters are teachers.
She likes me and I like her too.
He is awkward in his manners.
I'm almost certain Jacob will ask Catherine to the prom.
She said she was furious.
Tommy thinks he's stronger than I am.
I want to try eating horse meat.
Carmen did that this morning so she wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
I'm nothing like you.
You said she was kind and so she is.
You don't need to worry about us.
Didn't you know I wanted to do that?
I'm probably not as rich as you.
I think that that helped a lot.
Shouldn't you be getting ready for school?
Joe admitted he didn't have any experience.
Is it true that Tommy will be taking your place?
Oliver said that he didn't think Emma would ever be able to do that.
Do you want to bring your family to Germany?
Why are you staying with Muhammad?
I'm sick of waiting.
I know William didn't know he shouldn't do that here.
I've been very lucky in my life to have met many of my favorite actors.
I'm a woman.
I don't think Tommy knows how many hours it'll take him to drive to Boston.
It wasn't reasonable.
Food will be ready soon.
I think Harry has been very lucky.
Adam says he had to do that.
Muhammad put in a good word for me.
They said they weren't broke.
Oscar isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.
It goes without saying that English is an international language.
The police are trying to get entirely rid of drunken driving.
I've got a package for you.
He's confident he'll win, isn't he?
Neither James nor Carmen has ever tried to do that.
You need to ask Jacob and Valentina what they'll do.
Here comes Sarah.
Jami drove Susie home from work.
You're a lot like me.
If you are interested, let us meet again tomorrow.
I have to do the best I can.
Let's let the workers go home early today.
I'm not a psychic.
We're not working for Oliver.
Do you ever think about them?
We went walking on the shore of the lake.
I'm dealing with the problem now.
My uncle lived in Washington, D. C. for two years.
I'm a human being.
I cut my right hand on a piece of glass.
We missed you last night.
I don't plan to do that until I have to.
The ceremony was recorded.
Carmen put on her coat and went out.
I'm afraid of my boss.
Don't try to catch the dog. It's dangerous.
Was it you who told Margaret she doesn't have to do that?
I haven't seen you here before.
I wish Jami were here in Boston with us.
Oliver is convinced that everyone hates him.
Bringing up a child demands patience.
Why don't you go watch TV while I cook dinner?
The sky today is blue, without a cloud.
She might return.
Oscar is going to follow you.
I wonder if Tommy and Catherine are having fun.
I was more than surprised at the terrible sight.
I didn't like the way that movie ended.
I heard otherwise.
The temperature was thirty degrees this afternoon in Boston.
The resources of the earth are limited.
Try to be a bit more modest.
Margaret doesn't seem to understand why she has to do that.
Come on, let's try it.
William arrived from Australia yesterday.
The sword can be used to protect the body.
I know Harry and Alice have both been arrested.
I like bacon.
Is this going to be a problem?
I don't think that William knows what I want him to do.
I was afraid of catching a cold.
Joe would've gone to Australia if he could've.
Not everybody can be an artist.
Do you think Oliver is still angry?
That's how it is done.
That was bad.
She lifted her arms.
Please don't use Facebook during business hours.
Oliver said that he was full.
I've never told anybody about Joe.
I don't blame you for getting angry.
I know Harry and Emma both have houses in Australia.
Hopefully it will rain tomorrow.
Oscar has lost thirty pounds.
Stop pushing.
Tommy can ski as well as his brother.
I can come in early.
George spends a lot of time on his computer.
Oscar said that he was looking forward to being retired.
He is good at cooking.
I've been told that I'm required to do that.
It's really hot there.
Carmen said she didn't need to do that today.
Oscar is very happy indeed.
She claims she did that.
Ask James if he can speak French.
Are you sure your parents will allow you to go?
Jack made me happy.
Tommy said that he doesn't plan on going hunting again.
Joe was snoring.
They eventually turned themselves in.
I remember one fellow in particular.
I felt trapped.
Monica told me she thought she could do that.
Alex is kind.
It'll be easier for me to do since I have the right tools.
How long do we need to stay here?
Both Muhammad and I are blind.
Being very rich, he thought he could do anything.
Why does Oscar look so tired today?
Now you're talking, Oliver.
I told Harry to get home before Monday.
She said that she felt like crying.
"Let us begin today's lesson by opening our books to page 156," said the teacher.
We haven't been together that long.
The glass is clean.
My e-mail address has been changed.
I know that Charlie knows why you don't like to do that.
They say they needed to study French.
All the students study English.
I had a nice time.
I thought Harry would do well.
I don't think Alice would be doing that if she didn't have to.
Don't raise your voice.
You aren't a mechanic, are you?
Did you see what happened yesterday?
I think that you should do that by yourselves.
You're the perfect woman for me.
Jacob said he wanted to know if I could swim.
Jami still works at the same restaurant where Alice works.
We did what we could.
Alice could do what she needed to do.
Jacob has a good chance of winning the election.
George has more money than brains.
I don't think Muhammad is interested in doing that.
I suspect that Alex cheated.
I don't think Harry saw what we were doing.
Eva says she didn't want to do that.
Harry said he wasn't expecting Olivia to do that.
George and Mary take good care of their horse.
How do you know this is a fake?
It's not very often that someone buys a thousand dollar hat.
Oliver and Laur said they were curious about that.
She stuck a poster on the wall.
At that time, Muhammad was really hungry.
I'll go and buy some chocolate.
Shall I follow you?
I happened to be on the same train as Jack and Laur were.
Tommy has never asked me to help him.
I wear the same size shoes that George does.
You need to stay where you are.
I want to go abroad.
They said that they're glad you're coming.
Get your life together and grow up.
Alex said that he was going to be here.
That river is long.
The weeks pass like dreams.
This is a small border town.
He is free from pride.
I was brought up in Australia.
Oliver asked Mary to be more careful the next time.
"Fire!", he cried.
Joe asked Catherine to check it out.
I never talked to Adam.
We've given George another chance to do that.
I'm not very good with children.
Adam and Laur always get to work early.
I don't know what to do this evening!
I realize Muhammad could easily have done that.
James is older than all of us.
The church bells are ringing.
Jack didn't need to take a taxi. He could have walked.
Don't cheat.
Tommy and Laur told John they thought it was time to go home.
People in the village still talked about the horrible way Muhammad had died.
He kissed her farewell.
We're going inside.
His health is changing for the better.
Do you sometimes wake up feeling tired?
I hope you know that.
They aren't wearing their glasses today.
Could you give this to him?
William has a poor sense of direction.
She should've done that herself.
He has only one servant to attend on him.
The actress has a very beautiful name.
Those are values that we all share.
I don't usually watch war movies.
I'm reading your book.
That was a very nice lunch.
"I wanna have a word with you." "Sure, what is it?"
What I need is a beer.
I'll go see if Muhammad and Olivia are OK.
Please stay quiet.
Oliver thought he might be required to do that.
You look great in this picture.
All the students like holidays.
I can't tell you how many times that has happened to me.
I'm sure Oliver hasn't forgotten about us.
I won the bet.
I don't know much about painting, but I can tell that this brush has an excellent stroke feel to it.
My mom told me not to get into trouble.
I didn't think George would like this place.
It's what I was born to do.
Adam works part-time as a bartender.
George says Carmen still needs help.
We're going to send you home.
Oscar and Valentina told John that they thought Alice was suspicious.
I met them at a party.
Try to keep up your spirits.
I couldn't turn down the job they offered me.
I think the sentence would sound more natural like that.
I don't really have to do that, do I?
I think it would be really good for you to attend that meeting.
I know George is a difficult person to deal with.
Monica would've liked to attend William's party. Unfortunately, she had other things she had to do.
He refuses to believe us.
Emma was thirty when she died.
How good a singer is Harry?
Dinner will be waiting.
How could it have happened any other way than it did?
I know that you're smarter than that.
I know that Oliver saved Margaret's life.
It is essential to reserve your seat in advance.
They ski.
Joe and Alice said they didn't want to leave.
Thanks, Charlie. You've been a big help!
We are responsible for your protection from now on.
Ken is waiting for the train to come.
The economy still hasn't completely recovered from the financial crisis.
George died in October 2013.
I'm surprised that Jack never mentioned you.
The bus will arrive within ten minutes.
The sun burns my eyes.
Alex didn't want to go back to the orphanage.
William said he'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
I don't think that Joe knows the whole story.
You just have to know that it works. You don't need to know how it works.
As an American, I find that offensive.
She says that she will come tomorrow.
I'm enjoying my time here.
I think I'd better be quiet.
Call an ambulance!
James raised his son on his own.
Is there a gas station around here?
I hated every minute of it.
William didn't see it coming.
Did you see anybody else in the park?
George felt somebody touch his shoulder.
I'm not sure that I want William working for us.
James and Margaret told me they'd call me.
Why did you want to go to Boston?
Jack knew he didn't have much time left.
It took exactly an hour.
They want us to die with them.
I should have listened to William's advice.
Put these dishes inside the drawer, please.
This carpet is beautiful.
I nearly wet myself when I saw the scene with them.
I still have a few friends in Australia.
I didn't know Oliver was tired.
He said that he'd never do that.
How did we get ourselves into this?
He isn't my cousin.
I'm going to sell my car.
That's too soon.
What did Adam reply?
Laur actually figured it out by herself.
He turned over a calendar.
I still have another sister.
You'd do that again, wouldn't you?
She is writing a new book this year.
Adam wanted to be the one who did that.
Muhammad and I have been close friends for a long time.
Oscar did everything we asked him to do.
I like perfume tea.
Police was armed with a search warrant.
How did you end up in foster care?
Perhaps Charlie can speak French.
I traveled abroad twice in my youth.
Why does everyone always say that?
Tommy walked Carmen back to her apartment.
He never turns up without making a fuss.
I didn't tell Muhammad about you.
Can you get a ticket for me?
I'm out of my element here.
I just saw you guys three days ago.
Alice wasn't convinced that she could do that.
I was badly injured.
You don't seem to be enjoying the party.
Carmen sorted her laundry.
Alex put the diary in the drawer.
It's really hard to choose.
I don't think married people should have secrets from each other.
At least they listened to what we had to say.
Alice realized she was in deep trouble.
She sleeps on her stomach.
Are you going to let this fried chicken go begging?
We haven't seen you for a while.
I like to travel and meet new people.
He is pleased with his new car.
He looked like he was upset.
If I were rich, I would do so. As it is, I can do nothing.
I was looking for a pair of scissors.
I saw you flirting with Harry.
I knew Harry would kiss Anna.
I doubt that Jami is still interested in doing that.
I'll talk to her about that.
Let's keep this between us.
If you take a nap now, you will have a dream; but if you study now, you will realize your dream.
Oscar didn't like Mary's advice.
We've got a situation here.
Why didn't Jack help Alice?
Joe said he didn't think that he was good enough for Valentina.
It took us a long time to make this decision.
I have a heart problem.
It was clear that Joe didn't know that you were the ones who had done that.
The weather was lovely when I left home.
Did he hit you?
I don't see this as a major issue.
Harry hopes that Mary can take care of herself.
George isn't likely to allow you to do that.
I wonder if Oliver is really asleep.
Are you helping her?
I've tried to do that.
I'll send for you.
I'm usually better at reading.
You have three chances to spare.
Please fill in your name and address on this form.
I think this is the best plan.
Which prince is the legitimate heir to the throne?
I'm sorry that I forgot to tell Oscar what to do.
I made my way through the crowd.
Don't run, walk slowly.
Jacob and Valentina are really drunk.
Have you picked a name for the baby?
I thought I could help you.
Monica was dressed in leather.
I'll see them around.
George said that he thought that he might be required to do that today.
Jack kept me waiting all morning.
Why don't you try to get your money back?
I think Jacob would have been here today if he'd known Lucy was going to b here.
No one knows William as well as I do.
I wasn't asking your permission.
George has to pay his rent today.
What came first: the egg or the chicken?
He has already said yes.
James told me that he wanted to do that by himself.
Julia told me that she's miserable here in Boston without Adam.
They look like they're a bit tired.
I just got engaged.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbor.
They were a team.
What's wrong with Boston?
Tommy didn't know how to get to Mary's house.
Bill accepted my statement as true.
I don't know how to play the piano.
Laur locked her door.
I've never thought about doing that.
I can't believe you're actually doing that.
Alex knew Lucy had a roommate.
I didn't think I'd get arrested.
They ignored him.
I'm a good sailor.
I talked to Eva today about what she plans to do.
Don't forget to tell Susie not to do that.
Jacob stayed here three days last month.
She sang very well.
Jack really needs a vacation.
Muhammad says that you deserve a chance.
James thinks that we're dead.
Is Oscar tall?
I don't want anybody at all.
The wind blew her hair into her eyes.
James thinks people shouldn't eat in public.
In my anxiety to pass the test, I studied all night.
I hope I get a chance to visit Australia.
I found him working in the garden.
I don't approve of your going out with him.
He couldn't keep his temper any longer.
The teacher looked over the exam papers.
Shall we go and do that?
We fixed the date for our class reunion.
The dough is stuck to the counter.
George doesn't seem to understand why he shouldn't do that.
It's necessary to wait just ten days.
God is good.
They said they'd do anything for you.
You hope Oscar will want to do that, too, don't you?
Your new hat is very becoming on you.
I'm not used to doing that yet.
I helped Alex up the stairs.
They forgot to pay their phone bill.
I know what I like.
They say they'd be willing to help us.
You're exhausted, aren't you?
You can watch TV after supper.
She was the first one to notice him.
I think William and Mary aren't going to do that, either.
Put it back in the nest.
Who's responsible for this problem?
Don't you think we'd better stay here?
I am going to go to America next year.
No beer before four!
William rode his motorcycle across America.
He told me he was done, too.
I want to see what you have inside your house.
I don't make mistakes very often.
I wonder whether George and Eva are hungry.
We wanted to be a part of it.
Muhammad will be going to Boston soon.
How much money do you have?
Don't let them fool you.
He is the chief of a police station.
My brother often cries.
I have the impression that she has fallen in love with me. What should I do?
Was it you who told George he didn't have to do that?
We are fed up with studying.
Muhammad seemed like a real nice boy.
Those children were being cared for by an aunt.
They wished that they had more friends.
Do you really think that William is cute?
Jami said that he thought that it would be better if we didn't do that.
Please tell me what the rules are.
Charlie didn't seem to be very happy, did he?
Joe said that he thought I looked like I was bored.
William said that he had been asked a lot of questions.
Alex and Catherine both like riding horses.
Will you go to Boston with them?
My mouth went dry.
I'll be careful.
I'm near the station.
I assured Jacob that I wouldn't do that.
Alex and I used to work together in Australia.
I'm afraid that we've got quite a problem here.
Jami had never imagined that Susie would react this way.
He was not exactly thrilled to see her.
Joe and Alice said that they were very unlucky.
It's not official.
Alex's gamble seems to have paid off.
That's outrageous.
She took her secrets to the grave.
I know Jack is a jealous man.
I didn't know William very well.
That book was interesting.
I like autumn best.
If you hadn't done that, James wouldn't have gotten upset.
Do you want to talk to her?
Oliver and Emma don't go to the movies as often as they'd like to.
Its fate.
That burger was terrible!
I just love everything about Jami.
What did you study?
Catherine said she was willing to help us.
She lives in the United States.
I cannot possibly come.
This isn't what William and I are looking for.
I'm the one who usually does that.
Who's going to the party?
You don't need to come tomorrow.
I walked tothe window and looked out.
I can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
How long does it take to get to Boston from here?
Alex told me he'd be finished doing that by dinner time.
We can hear the dog barking.
I won't go there again.
Susie says she'll never give up.
I'm truly touched.
Everybody panicked.
Jami didn't want the party to end.
Water changes into steam.
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.
Did he say anything before he died?
I should've figured William would be late.
I told you not to go by yourself.
I hated doing that.
Tommy pretended that he didn't care.
Olivia told me that she called you.
I must find a way to help them.
I picked Jack up after work.
I saw her at the party.
What should we do today?
You're just in time. Joe is almost ready.
Joe really wants to lose weight.
How do you know the difference?
I eat three times a day.
Mum is playing tennis now.
Why do you think Muhammad and Olivia won't do that by themselves?
Another!
I want to show it to James within the hour.
Jack probably doesn't know Lucy well enough to know what she'll do.
I don't think that I was followed.
Jack kissed Carmen because he liked her.
I'd like to know who it was who did this.
Do what you can for Jacob.
Jami said that he saw Carmen eating a sandwich in the park.
I liked working with Oliver.
Tommy asked Julia to tell John what he needed to do.
Could Jacob do that?
Joe and Mary say they didn't know they had to do that.
Where are your keys?
He told me that he wanted to cry.
I think Oliver doesn't know where Catherine lives.
We should leave quietly.
I'll tell him to contact you.
They didn't touch anything.
There is no hurry.
Do you have bread for lunch?
It's really cool looking.
If you stay, I'll stay.
Did you really think I wouldn't help you?
I have no intention in arguing about your theory.
Oliver should've lied to Eva about where he'd been.
I think that still needs work.
Why did you give Alex so much money?
I didn't want to admit I didn't know how to do that.
Muhammad almost hurt himself trying to do that.
It is no use your holding me back.
He promised he wouldn't be late.
I'm here on a trial period.
We'll show them.
Have a good weekend, everyone.
Leave him with me.
I'd like to meet her.
I really do wish you'd leave.
How would you resolve such issues?
Why doesn't Tommy drive anymore?
I think Adam would be mad if you did that.
Jill has been on the phone with friends for more than two hours!
I doubt that Tommy and Lucy are still hungry.
Is there anything you'd like to tell me?
Why should Adam visit Australia?
The busy mother told the children to run along.
I study math harder than you do.
Really? Are you serious?
Joe said he liked teaching French.
She thinks that she should do that.
I wasn't sure whether Harry and Monica were still asleep or not.
I like being in Boston.
Jami says he won't buy that for you.
In the name of God, protect me from this crazy woman!
She knew she'd done something stupid.
I didn't catch the meaning.
I think Jacob and Carmen are coming to Boston next weekend.
I definitely need some more money.
He has a little money.
I told you nothing else but the clear truth.
Dan didn't even read the instructions.
What a cock-up!
I know what's happening.
They said they'd love to go with us.
I take it you haven't heard from Charlie.
I assure you, everything's fine.
I feel amazing thanks to Oliver's special orange juice.
I'm amazed at Jacob's nerve.
Harry wouldn't comment.
How much do police officers make?
Jami is the only person who should have done that.
Jami is sexy.
Joe is screaming at somebody in his office.
I hope Harry doesn't do that.
We have not found the girl.
The story was so complicated that I couldn't follow it.
Jack doesn't think Catherine would like to do that.
She turned over the page with excitement.
At that time, James didn't know that Anna was the one he'd eventually get married to.
Are you really enjoying yourselves?
Are you ready for Y2K?
I still don't need to do that.
We're not all as old as you are.
Don't make that expression.
I'm not Joe.
I'm not experienced enough.
Do you really think William and Julia are well?
This is the picture Oscar painted.
You are home.
I thought that we were welcome here.
Don't forget to breathe.
We can't let it get out that Tommy is seeing a psychiatrist.
Joe laughed at his own joke.
We didn't let Tommy sing.
This news report created a lot of confusion.
I didn't have time, so I didn't do that.
Charlie takes a bath every evening.
I don't want to waste time talking to George.
How can Oliver help Carmen?
I'm almost certain we can trust James.
There was a bus schedule on the wall.
I'm sure Joe can speak French.
I doubt Tommy's abilities even though I'll admit he's honest.
The chair is not by the window.
She treated his wound.
George is really tall.
Look it over.
Why don't you come dancing with me?
"Who wrote this book?" "John did."
What movie is this?
We can't tell you anything.
You'll have to tell me all about Monica's life.
Anna says she plans on staying where she is.
Would that make you feel any better?
We will get there in two hours.
Joe appears nervous.
How often do you go to church?
I haven't really been there.
She gets to do whatever she wants to.
You ought to have told Oscar you were sorry.
Oscar is in the perfect situation.
I'm pretty sure Oscar's healthy.
Charlie is getting the boat ready.
I'm never going to give up.
I was left alone.
Harry said that he would be at the meeting.
How long have you been learning English?
I'm going to have to get some more money out of the bank.
Oliver is very well known.
There was no time left for explanation.
This is a picture of you.
Next year's conference will be held in Boston.
Tommy didn't call Susie, did he?
James will be unable to finish doing that in an hour.
Will Catherine do that by herself?
Why are you sitting here in the dark?
George needs to be in Boston next Monday.
Of course, I have to tell her.
Oscar seems to be getting his strength back.
It's probably OK to do that.
I couldn't do that anytime soon.
I believe you're mistaken.
He didn't know what he had to do.
You've never done that, have you?
There is nothing wrong with you.
Muhammad did that in a hurry.
The young lady has less fruit than the man.
I have eaten a whole cow.
This box contains apples.
I thought that I was about to be captured so I ran as fast as I could.
He has something else on his mind.
I'll help you after lunch.
Adam told me he thought that Laur had been unfair.
No one's seen her.
What have I been doing all my life?
I thought I heard him come in.
Harry always makes a funny face when I point the camera at him.
It is not forbidden by law.
Aren't you going to be here?
There is some milk in the bottle.
A long tongue is a sign of a short hand.
I don't think that I'd like living in Boston.
What's Tommy going to say about that?
Julia realized she'd forgotten to lock the door.
Muhammad says he wants to show Alice something.
I don't like to throw anything away.
We think this belongs to you.
I have a lot of ideas.
That's where Jacob and Monica live.
You've got nothing to apologize for.
Jacob is quite intelligent.
We're still not allowed to visit Oscar.
Anna said Adam thought she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Joe wanted to kiss Carmen then and there.
Muhammad was injured playing soccer.
William and Mary have a lot of things they need to buy.
I only spent three dollars.
Harry told me that he didn't have any money.
George said that he paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
I didn't agree to help him.
You can read between the lines.
Would you like to improve your French?
You aren't expected to do that.
It seems that anything can happen today.
Oliver wrapped himself in his blanket.
He told me that he spoke French.
How many people are here?
I've heard you're leaving Australia.
I don't think that it would be wise to argue with Joe.
All right.
I work in a bank.
Jami doesn't remember much.
It probably would've been dangerous to do that by yourself.
You drive like a maniac!
She said she'd quit doing that.
James and Carmen soon realized that they had made a mistake.
I didn't think that William would help Emma do that.
William knew Susie didn't have to do that anymore.
They helped Harry.
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.
Charlie wouldn't be happy if we let Carmen do that.
You are really a hopeless idiot, aren't you?
Were it not for your help, I should fail.
He's my most interesting friend.
I don't think that James knows for certain when Margaret will be arriving.
Adam says that he can't help.
I don't get many visitors.
Alice says she has a lot to do.
Adam and Margaret haven't told John what they have to do yet.
I don't understand my feelings.
Autumn is here.
It was a riot.
Hi. My friend over there is shy and he wants to know if you think I'm cute.
I thought that you said you were going to be in Australia this week.
Adam has got to be kidding.
Is there a message?
I'm grateful for everything you've done for me.
James really should be in Boston by now.
Oscar suggested that we have a farewell party for Carmen.
You are not at all wrong.
Julia turned on her computer.
We must come up with a plan.
I asked them what was wrong.
John writes a letter to his parents once a month.
Why can't we do it now?
You're supposed to be doing something else, aren't you?
Don't go further down that road.
Joe and Laur couldn't persuade John to accept their gifts.
Always be smarter than people who hire you.
You mustn't tell that to your parents.
He loves soccer.
Jacob made a cup of tea for Lucy.
Oliver and Eva told me that they're getting married.
Don't you want to get back with Jami?
He lives by himself.
If you say, "I love you," then I will also say that to you.
What is it with you, Jacob?
You'll never get away with this.
Where can I get hold of a good tax lawyer?
I believe he was murdered.
Oscar said that Margaret is cold.
Alex said that he was happy to see you.
I'll just say it once: there isn't and there's not going to be anything between us.
I suspect that Jack and Emma don't like me much.
I'm afraid that I can't make it at that time.
I'd like to know why Jacob didn't do what he said he'd do.
I'm not sure Boston is where I want to be right now.
They don't need one yet.
I received a ball for the doll.
I suspect Harry and Monica are in Australia now.
William and Laur told John that they didn't think Alice was drunk.
We want to hear from you.
Joe doesn't look too good.
It was really intense.
I hope Tommy and Emma know why they don't need to do that.
"Where will we go for lunch?" "Jacob, you decide. I can't. "
William and Laur never told me that they were married.
Eva says she's planning on doing that.
Was your father wearing a sweater last night?
James is willing to do that, but Monica said he didn't need to.
Jami has got to do that.
No, I'll never lie to her.
I'll phone you every night.
Jacob reminded Carmen not to be late.
I think we shouldn't let Susie go to Boston by herself.
I did that right, I think.
She said she had a wonderful time.
The food here isn't fit to eat.
I got injured doing that.
Muhammad can't give it to you now.
The rain lasted five days.
Oliver had nothing more to lose.
No one has seen me.
I'm just finishing up the report.
How well do you know Boston?
The town was established in the 18th century.
His knowledge of French is poor.
Hey, you're not Harry.
Harry's three sons still live in Australia.
What did you find in his pockets?
If you don't want to attend the meeting, you don't have to.
Who is the pretty girl sitting beside Jack?
The prince thought the young girl had been eaten by a dragon.
I don't remember what happened.
How many people here do you know?
Charlie cooked us a delicious meal.
How about starting again from the very beginning?
I cannot but admire him.
How many times have you done that so far?
Adam says that he'll come tomorrow, but I doubt he'll actually show up.
Alex'll help.
It's a question for the public.
My name is Charlie Jackson.
Jacob told me that he couldn't walk.
I don't want people to hate me.
Jacob's band is back together.
I heard you.
Lucy wishes she had straight hair.
Could you please tell me how to do this?
I forgot that Charlie was your boyfriend.
It's pretty clear what's going on here.
I saw a steam-ship yesterday.
He only does that when he's drunk.
I'm going to be here for a couple more hours.
Wonderful!
I thought Joe could do that by himself.
Even if you aren't hungry, you should eat something. Otherwise you won't last until lunch time.
The others weren't so lucky.
I don't like being told to hurry.
Where is your dignity?
They're still just friends, right?
I thought that you might want this back.
I think we'd better go.
I wish we were still in Boston.
Harry remains on probation.
Hardly had I met her when I fell in love with her.
William and Catherine showed up in Boston three days after they said they would.
I was thinking of leaving.
Adam asked Olivia why she had never studied French.
The government has made efforts to make our country clean and green.
Children are really looking forward to summer vacation.
Jami said he thought that he could buy what Alice wanted for about $300.
I suggested to Muhammad the possibility that he work with Alice.
Alex said the case has been closed.
George and Anna are pleased with the way things have turned out.
I'm the one who told Alex that Alice's house had burned down.
Maria takes the children to school.
I don't come here as much as I used to.
I think Joe could talk Carmen out of doing that.
How do you manage not to love it?
We'll get you a place to stay.
I want to thank him.
Susie said that she's sure she won't do that.
Wouldn't it be nice if Muhammad didn't do that?
Being poor, they had to work hard.
Tommy wouldn't remember me.
Joe is a hockey fan, isn't he?
The first prize may be won by him.
I won't be busy this afternoon.
Harry is going to be at home this afternoon.
I'm the guy who showed James how to make tomato sauce.
Did Joe really make you do that?
Harry didn't tell me who to give this to.
Do you want to have lots of money?
Are Tommy and Emma still going to help us?
He goes fishing every other day.
Life has been very hard.
Will you move back here again?
You need to do whatever Jacob tells you to do.
She blamed John for the damage.
How do I know that you're telling the truth?
This noise is something which I refuse to put up with.
I don't believe they would do that.
Everyone at the party was drinking wine.
I still don't have enough money to buy that.
I think we shouldn't let Muhammad play with Valentina anymore.
Olivia does that, doesn't she?
I didn't believe it, either.
I want to see what's going to happen.
The more I thought about the problem, the more difficult it seemed.
I don't think that William is a loser.
James knew Carmen didn't need to do that.
I came just to see what you're doing.
Could you suggest an alternative date?
The rain didn't last long.
I wish I didn't need to do that this week.
He ought to do that by himself.
Alex has been studying all morning.
I just want you to tell me where James is.
He's dark and handsome.
We need more employees.
I lived in Australia until 2013.
I was excited and nervous at the same time.
What are you using for bait?
Jack turned left onto Park Street.
Charlie is still not sure what has to be done, is he?
The meeting is obviously over.
It falls on Sunday.
Alice said she thought Joe wouldn't do that.
I guarantee that this information is correct.
William and I studied French together.
No matter how hard Oliver tried, he couldn't impress Monica.
Charlie has been allowed to drive.
Jack and Eva have just returned from Boston.
You look like you've been doing something you shouldn't.
Don't you want to be near Alex?
I didn't think that Jack would do that on purpose.
Sharon must be a go-getter.
You've already convinced me.
That has never happened to me, touch wood.
I have plenty of time, so I can sleep for a while?
He presented her with a doll.
Muhammad decided to give it another try.
Alex visited Australia last summer.
He went abroad to study.
I don't understand the math.
I think that Jack is quite right.
My zoo is safe.
It's easy to understand why Jami and Margaret don't like it here.
Did you know what Jack's plans were?
He lives off the grid.
I'm not in love with him.
The older we get, the more we hear about things.
Olivia felt betrayed and humiliated.
Japan is here!
They are reading her book.
Tommy is really furious with the way things are going.
Do you have anything on for this weekend?
You bought rolls, I hope.
What are you a student in?
I didn't know Tommy really needed to do that anymore.
Jami says that he'll study French with Susie this evening.
If you want to leave, leave.
Charlie was grateful for your help.
I don't like to do the same things James likes to do.
Adam recommended not doing that.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with you.
I thought that you said that you were done with Jacob.
I know that you don't speak French.
You are not old.
James and Olivia say they hope John won't be afraid to do that.
No one expected Muhammad to win.
It happened three days after I got back from Boston.
I don't know what else I can do.
Charlie asked everybody to leave him alone.
I told Tommy to eat more vegetables.
Do you have any family?
I know Charlie is almost never home on weekends.
Alex said he was in love with Monica.
This is what we're up against.
Go to the store before it closes.
You own nothing in this house.
I know Oscar was lying to me.
I'm better off now than I was three years ago.
I don't see any bullet holes.
I count on your help.
Anna said she hopes Jack won't let John drive.
You're already big enough to do that by yourself.
I want to go to Australia with Harry.
I don't care about fashion.
This happened a long time ago.
Carmen is the lead singer of her band.
I think Joe may visit Australia on his next trip.
I actually didn't plan it at all.
I'm scared too, so I'm not going to go.
You'd better stay at home rather than go out on such a day.
He advanced me a week's wages.
Charlie pulled into the gas station and turned off his engine.
William has been planning on doing that.
I don't understand George the way you do.
Alex takes the bus to work if he's going to have a few drinks with his mates after work.
She hardly ate anything.
He always speaks to me when he meets me on the street.
Let me have the picture.
I would like to take a walk, but the day is too hot.
Did you enjoy yourself at the party?
Jami is likely to get charged.
Why did you talk to Jack?
How does he gain his living?
William says he's been beaten up three times.
It was a very cold winter.
Have an open mind.
Jacob and Susie haven't said what they might do.
George will have to get medical attention.
She fixed herself a cocktail.
I'd love to go back to Boston.
Eva wasn't told not to do that by herself.
Joe graduated from high school in 2009.
James wanted the money.
I'm not sure that that's a good idea.
When I first met her, she was nearly 30 years old.
Who doesn't do that occasionally?
I thought that I understood you.
Keep the paper in the inside pocket.
Can you recommend a good place to eat in Boston?
You're poisoning me.
I'm sure you'll be able to handle the job.
If you do not think about your future, you cannot have one.
Oscar drank coffee, but Alice drank tea.
George thought he was going to be killed.
Don't make me come after you.
They said that you were their friends.
It's impossible to make out what he wrote.
He is not a man to deal with a lot of problems.
Now, why doesn't that surprise me?
Joe didn't tell me why he was avoiding Laur.
I'm glad you finally figured it out.
I could not catch a single word of their talk.
That's something Jacob has to do.
All you have to do is to pretend you are me.
They only did what they had to.
I told myself I could do it.
Charlie told Julia to pay attention.
Oliver had a worried look on his face.
Anna is liked by her friends.
The only ones here who can't go with us are Charlie and Emma.
You made Jacob unhappy.
They said that they might not do that.
I never said you were boring.
You should also listen to the other side.
We can not always tell the same lie to the people! Some day we'll have to imagine a new lie.
Adam is good at keeping secrets.
I wonder if I've done everything I was supposed to do.
England are about to win the Ashes.
Yelling and screaming isn't going to get you anywhere.
It matters not how many books one reads, but which books.
That movie is suitable for people of all ages.
He is an expert driver.
How much is the tax?
Alex didn't do that as quickly as he should've.
I didn't know that Alex would have to do that today.
This is illegal in the European Union.
I don't think Alex and Anna know how to cook.
I have enough experience points to level up.
Has John decided on a career yet?
You can accomplish this.
Just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and I'll drive you home.
Oscar stood up and went to the door to let Mary in.
How much money did you lose today?
I recognized Valentina as soon as she walked into the room.
If you knew that somehow I was in trouble, ...
I requested extra salt on my french fries.
Alex would've succeeded if he'd worked harder.
I can't play chess.
Joe told me that Anna was nervous.
Just do it. You'll regret it if you don't.
It's not a little money.
She could've gone by herself.
William got home just before 2:30.
I don't think Oliver and Valentina really want to do that.
Charlie tried to calm the baby down.
I believe it to be him.
Charlie feels he has done his part.
I wonder whether or not James went to Boston.
I've already seen the film.
How many cookies did Alex eat?
They said they didn't know where to go.
I almost did that yesterday.
What does Muhammad plan to do now?
Jacob is the one who'll do the cooking.
I'm delighted to be here.
Harry gave Valentina a weird look.
I wish we had more of this kind of thing.
Charlie and Carmen were certainly enjoying themselves.
Please leave a message on my answering machine.
Don't ever lie to us again.
I want you to start studying French.
Oliver did everything for them.
Charlie has probably done this before.
Who eats bees?
We find ourselves in the twilight of our civilization.
William and Eva said they were feeling thirsty.
He will harvest his wheat in July.
That's an excellent point.
Is there someone following me?
Is Joe available now?
I don't think that we should tell anybody just yet.
This is the house where my father was born and brought up.
Margaret isn't yet able to swim, is she?
He did it for the money.
The last election was such a hot contest that several ex-ministers lost.
I will always love Julia.
I can't believe I made him cry.
George told Alice to stay out of his room.
She is very bright.
I didn't ask for your advice.
Your answer is correct.
Who else knew about it?
I know somebody who can help us.
What color tie did Jacob wear yesterday?
I'm not the police.
I thought you'd be outside on a day like this.
Jacob and Julia said that they didn't know where John lived.
Muhammad wanted to keep it a surprise.
Joe died alone in the desert.
An eagle flies in the sky.
Oscar is going to go to Boston next weekend.
James is out on the porch, talking to Susie.
I know what you told him.
But for my advice, you would have failed.
Don't take me seriously. I'm only joking.
She said that she felt safe.
She always works hard.
Jack stayed in the bathroom for a long time.
How will you stop me?
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
Tommy said that was the first time he'd tried to do that.
She said she was afraid to fly.
Now I recognize you!
It looks like Jacob and Laur aren't very happy.
Is your English getting better?
He did it all out of kindness.
She is in an awful mood.
The boy stayed quiet.
Tommy and Monica got everything they needed.
May I call around 2:30?
What time do you go to the airport?
I'm worried about Oscar's behavior.
The man standing by the door is a famous singer.
You're going out with someone, aren't you?
Muhammad stayed in his room by himself.
I'm here to take Adam home.
I was trying to make sense of what had happened.
You don't have to answer any of Jami's questions if you don't want to.
Which friends of yours are going to come?
Mary swore she wouldn't do that anymore.
He came with his parents.
I don't think you need to do that if you don't want to.
Why did Oscar spend time in prison?
I want to be sure Laur knows what she's supposed to do.
Oliver must make a decision soon.
He'll succeed in time.
It was very touching indeed.
Jacob was given a 20-week prison sentence.
It's just a hobby.
I'm clever.
I got up to greet them.
Alex said he suspected Susie would do that.
Neither Harry nor Anna has gone to the library.
James said that he knew what Catherine was planning to do.
Alex had trouble falling asleep.
Is the plane on schedule?
You're a very good liar.
I think that William will like the present you bought for him.
I never see this picture without thinking of him.
She was as great a scientist as ever lived.
Muhammad said he thought that would embarrass Valentina.
I wanted to hear from her.
I'll do anything to make you happy.
James said he wouldn't walk home today.
Did you get the eggs?
Alex lives in a three-bedroom apartment in downtown Boston.
I think we should do something stupid.
Once there lived a great king.
If you eat that you will die.
Oliver and Susie should never have tried doing that on their own.
She said that she's done.
You're doing fine. Just relax. Be yourself.
I'll be right down the hall.
Get them away from me.
You guys are right.
Help yourselves to some cake.
I am smart.
George said that Lucy was enjoying herself in Boston.
I told Harry to take off his shoes.
You can't tell George what to do.
I have watched all of her films.
It's about time somebody did something about this broken door.
I know that Alex didn't know Monica didn't need to do that.
I quit playing soccer.
I don't care what the doctor says: I will not give up hope that Harry will recover.
Oliver is really stupid.
I know Oliver doesn't know I should do that.
You must do that at once.
Do you really want to quit your job?
Alice said she just needed more time.
It was an awful accident.
Alex told Julia that she shouldn't go there by herself.
Discipline is the key.
Hi, the blue sky!
When did Charlie get back?
I know Adam used to be a soldier.
They said they didn't have any money.
I know someone has to do that.
Jami is slow to anger.
James is scheduled to leave tomorrow.
We've never been to Boston.
She paid all her bills.
Charlie and Olivia probably don't know how they're going to do that.
How did Adam get away with that?
Older men are usually very wise.
How pretty she looks in her new dress!
We're on the way home.
He is short, but good at basketball.
Would you put this in the safety deposit box?
Lovely day, isn't it?
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
Tommy seemed to be unhappy yesterday.
At attention!
Have you ever been on a cruise ship?
Do you really think it would be safe to do that?
She was desperate for attention.
Who should go to Australia?
I can't remember exactly how old I was when I first met Oscar.
Last night I was at home.
I know Jacob knows why Laur is doing that.
He wants to be a husband at every wedding, and the deceased at every funeral.
They died while waiting to be rescued.
I'll see him in the morning.
That sounds like Jack.
James is going to be there in thirty minutes.
Give me my drink.
She says she's going to stop smoking.
Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
Harry came over to my house last night.
I know how you felt about William.
Why did she ask this question?
James and I don't have kids.
I should've just stayed home and read a book.
You almost stepped on the dog's tail.
I know George almost never does that anymore.
I'm always forgetting things.
I haven't seen William since he and Olivia got divorced.
Always look on the bright side of life.
I don't like living here.
Harry is learning to deal with that.
I don't expect Tommy to help.
My father is busy as a bee every day.
This fruit doesn't taste good.
I think that's a bad idea.
What is the year of your car?
My mother was no less angry with me than my father.
Unfortunately, Jami won't be able to attend your party.
She apparently did that by herself.
You promised!
Sorry, you have the wrong number.
She would keep interrupting me.
I didn't know that you used to have a crush on me.
If I knew it, I would tell it to you.
George wasn't able to wake Valentina up.
That means nothing.
Do I look as bad as I feel?
I don't think George has that kind of money.
He looked about the house.
I knew you'd come, my darling.
These questions can be answered quite simply.
They won't tell me when they were born.
I don't agree with Charlie at all.
Oscar doesn't seem to be as relaxed as Lucy seems to be.
Adam said he doesn't think that Olivia will do that again.
If I can win the lottery, then I won't have to sell my daughters.
There is no word for liberty in the Russian language.
George says he's planning to go to Australia this winter.
Tommy and Eva have all kinds of problems.
She stole a lot of money from him, so now she is in prison.
I hadn't really noticed.
James and Eva's father doesn't allow them to drink wine.
I used to hate you.
I told you to wear a hat.
I feel helpless sometimes.
I have something that belongs to you. Why don't you come over and pick it up?
You have to help him.
I didn't know Joe had a house on Park Street.
This old fish has a strange taste.
Excuse me sir, could you spare some change?
I'm waiting for a response from her.
Tommy spoke up for Margaret.
Olivia hasn't made her schedule public.
Jacob and Susie are planning to move to Australia.
Oliver tried to win Susie's affection.
Oliver and Carmen say that they had to speak French.
They locked their door.
I thought Harry was scared.
Carmen knew she might not have to do that by herself.
I found the picture you were looking for.
I'd like to be alone if you don't mind.
I suppose she's got a point.
I know I shouldn't do that anymore.
I'm going to try to do that this afternoon.
Where did you get this information?
We need to stay calm until help arrives.
I'll play with you.
James pretended he was afraid.
The time is now.
James said he wants to join our band.
Musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained.
How much snow do you think we'll get?
Excuse us for just one second.
Emma said she thought Adam wasn't busy.
James can speak only a little French.
When is the breakfast served?
I'm not likely to be arrested for doing that.
If I lose your love, I lose everything.
Did you notice that she left home?
Carmen is in college, but her boyfriend is still in high school.
She asked me who had arrived first.
Adam dropped his suitcase and ran away.
George absolutely nailed it.
Apparently, this still doesn't work perfectly, but the system may still be of interest.
Isn't it neat?
It's against the rules.
Charlie has spent time in Australia.
Jacob made a great catch.
Oscar ought to visit Australia.
Jack isn't supposed to be here now.
William faces life in prison if he's convicted.
Please don't do anything else.
George is a man you can rely on.
No one heard Jami's screams for help.
She is not even a math teacher.
Let's return to the better Japan once more.
Tomorrow is the third.
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.
Jami and Margaret were planning to do that yesterday.
If you decide to work for us, we will pay you twice as much.
I'll hide in here.
One thing that I don't like about Harry is that he never says thank you when you help him.
He made a speech in support of my view.
I don't know how to cook.
Adam won't have to do that again.
I bet Tommy is happy.
I was going to tell the truth.
What's wrong with that woman?
Tommy was robbed while walking late at night.
How long will you remain in Boston?
James and Susie are probably going to be forgiven for what they did.
It was yesterday that I went.
Harry shouldn't have told me.
Charlie and Catherine are both jealous, aren't they?
Tears came to her eyes.
I think you know who you need to talk to now.
I still think Harry will win.
That's likely not true.
Were they convinced?
I'm eager to go to Australia.
It was a good compromise.
Charlie and I'll go to Boston together.
Charlie made it clear he had nothing to do with that.
This shouldn't take too much time.
Muhammad and Laur said they'd be willing do that for free.
You need to learn how to swim.
I didn't see who was driving.
Anger is a form of madness.
I'm not as smart as James.
She should blame herself.
Could you translate this sentence for me?
Your son is playing with my tool. Tell him I need it here right now.
Alex won't listen to a word I say.
Charlie forgot to tell Monica to take the bread out of the oven.
I forgot to call them.
Eva wants to spend the rest of her life with Joe.
Did you ever break a bone?
William opposed the measure.
Who told you that Jami did that?
I never would have hurt you.
I am a mother.
I gave Alice something that I thought she'd like.
I want to be here for you.
You're good at that.
You look like you're alone.
I think Jacob won't be able to understand that.
Carmen wasn't impressed by what she saw.
Harry is really handsome, isn't he?
I was fool.
I still haven't bought everything we need.
We never had any intention of doing that.
I thought Charlie would ask Julia to marry him.
She said she isn't in any hurry.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
Why did you call us here?
I'm not going to yell at you again.
We were not invited to the party.
Why don't I just talk to Oscar?
I told you it wasn't mine.
See, that's going to be a problem for me.
Muhammad doesn't need to do that again.
Oliver was there for Susie.
My hair was still wet from being washed.
Don't get so emotional.
Harry didn't want anybody to find out about him and Margaret.
They're wearing expensive clothes.
Do you ever have a fever?
Jami is very sure that Carmen did that.
He took off his jacket.
What's the best way to eat this?
Perhaps we can discuss this later.
We must do that now.
He asked if I wanted to exchange money, and I said "no way".
Oliver and Eva are going to find out soon.
I am walking to the bathroom.
Charlie told me he wanted to do that alone.
Tommy probably doesn't know what to do.
He filled his bucket with sand.
He lives near the beach.
I asked Harry not to hurt anybody.
I thought you said Charlie would do that.
James has been convicted.
I've been living in San Francisco for some time now.
Los Angeles is one of the cities that I want to visit.
Go through the orange door.
It's good to see Oscar back.
She continued sobbing without looking up.
I doubt that Adam really has time to do that today.
Are you a student?
Jacob stayed in the shallow end of the pool.
He went on a walk.
Carmen introduced me to her new boyfriend yesterday.
That makes us happy.
All that you have to do is to wait for his reply.
It may already be too late for us to do that.
Jack kept me waiting for half an hour.
Joe used his knife to cut the rope.
Mary is crying right now, isn't she?
You should work now, you should go back to your machine.
Will you come tomorrow?
I thought Jack might know Emma.
I'm going to come back to pick Oliver up.
I wonder why Joe didn't come to school yesterday.
I don't think Joe would do something like that.
The Atlantic Ocean is very big.
Can your brother drive?
Can you tell me when Oscar got his driver's license?
Don't forget your ticket!
I thought that Jacob would be angry.
I don't really trust them.
How can I lower my high blood pressure without medication?
William said that they wouldn't allow him to do that anymore.
I didn't speak French.
I've decided I'm the one who should do that.
This woman has two bags.
Who looks after this dog?
You should exercise.
I'll talk to them tomorrow.
Jacob needs to be dealt with.
I need a clean cup.
About how many hours will it take to do that?
You didn't go by yourself, did you?
I'll get the truth from Jami.
Could you bring me something to eat?
Love is as important to me as money is to her.
This made me cry.
She blew herself up accidentally.
Harry tried his best to ignore Anna.
Tommy thinks that Valentina will be able to convince John to do that.
Oliver's funeral is on Monday.
I looked at the map on the table.
Can someone help me lift this package?
Don't blame yourself.
Adam said he knew he might have to do that on Monday.
Joe is still at Susie's.
I don't feel like part of the family.
I don't trust him any more.
That's OK.
Both Harry and I know the truth.
William told Eva he'd be doing that tomorrow.
Toss your gun on the ground.
I know that James and Valentina are friendly.
We're both named Adam.
I don't care where I work.
I'm glad to see you here.
Someone will be with you in a moment.
Good morning! Where do you want to go?
Everybody seems to be happy but you.
I tire easily.
I thought you were his friend.
Alex has been at this for a while.
How many years will it take Tommy to finish high school?
You will be busy tomorrow.
Margaret just needs to do her job.
I think that a lot of people will end up doing that.
Is it this hot every day?
Where is the pine forest?
Marie painted.
Did you tell William how much fun you had?
I knew that William was used to getting up early.
I'm not really sure where to begin.
Dan is determined to stay here, no matter what.
No one saw her when she left.
She said she'd pay for everything.
Didn't you know Joe was Emma's husband?
They don't want to come.
Jami said that I seemed anxious.
I'll do whatever you need done.
I don't want to see them today.
I am a photographer.
Who do you support?
Did you say anything to Charlie about that?
It wasn't James's fault.
I couldn't afford to do that.
We want to book a trip to Australia.
He said he wanted to meet you.
What do you think we ought to do?
I told her to go.
Let's try and stay calm, OK?
I should've gotten up earlier this morning.
Are there any other options?
Always keep an open mind.
She has got a lot of weak points.
The pizza's ready.
Muhammad tried to frame Valentina.
I did that almost the same way.
I wouldn't do that either.
Charlie and Valentina say that they weren't here.
Adam is the only professional musician I know.
I have not heard from her recently.
She told me that she wants to die.
Many people like Jami.
You'll have to try one.
Harry is the oldest of Mary's three children.
Maybe the next time you'll listen to me when I tell you to be careful.
Why don't you give it up?
I work hard all the time.
George spent time in Australia.
Margaret is usually very quiet, isn't she?
He'll eat when he gets home.
Our wives went shopping together.
Shame on you.
No one's allowed in here.
Oliver might be in Australia.
Tommy's in a meeting right now.
Muhammad does nothing all day but read.
Neither Alex nor Susie has found anything interesting.
I know that Charlie knows when Emma did that.
Tommy is still tense.
I want to have my car painted dark blue.
It'll be hard to persuade Adam.
There was more bad than good in him.
She can speak English, of course.
You can't hurt me.
They can operate a crane.
I don't mind being beaten by Alex.
How's everything back home?
Alex can cook better than his wife.
Susie is living her dream.
Tommy was last on the list.
No one was hit.
Jami said that he was sick, but that was a lie.
If you wish, everything is yours.
Adam took some pictures of his new house and sent them to his friends.
You've defeated us.
Oliver and I aren't all that different.
Let's not waste this chance.
Would you like to do that now?
There's his bag.
I'll try to persuade Oliver to do that.
Oscar and Laur know that you didn't do that.
It was my idea.
Nobody saw or heard anything.
Alex is slightly under the weather today.
Something has gone terribly wrong.
We're not buying it from you.
Harry went with Lucy to Australia.
An accident may happen at any time.
Hey, look at the snow.
He has no common sense.
He was unable to help her.
You have to do that again.
I can't quite see what's going on.
I knew that William wouldn't have the courage to quit.
Oscar says he wants to do the same thing I did in Australia.
It's hard for me to believe that's going to happen.
Harry says everyone he knows has gone to Australia.
Oliver and Julia said they may do that.
I don't like people standing behind me.
You shouldn't tell anyone about this.
Susie admitted that she was a thief.
You lower it then.
Everyone is planning to do something different.
We'll have a French test on Monday.
I could stay with you.
That's unusual, isn't it?
What's taking him so long?
Are you sure this is what Joe wanted us to buy?
The person standing at the front of the room is a professor in the History Department.
Mary will do whatever you ask her to.
You've got three minutes.
The boys just want to have fun.
I hid in the woods all behind Jami's house.
William asked Lucy if he could kiss her.
Catherine knows she messed up.
Adam took care of them.
He had an assured manner.
What type of work do Alex and Carmen do?
Alex is busy most of the time.
Adam asked Alice to wait for him here.
I saw Oscar doing that in the park yesterday afternoon.
George would be very upset if that happened.
I'll do that some other time.
Dan was to sign the contract in July.
Adam is currently in danger.
Is this water safe to drink?
It's a pity James isn't with us today.
At first sight, he seemed kind and gentle.
I'm doing this for my children.
Are you going to watch the Red Wolf Blood Moon tonight?
I'd love to have it today.
I can deliver it to Muhammad.
We only have simple wants.
I'm sure you're going to enjoy yourself at the party.
A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
I know Harry plans on doing that.
Who told James he could join the team?
Jacob was uncomfortable, but Eva wasn't.
We will be taking the same plane.
The boy is nice.
Joe asked Margaret why she didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Jacob would have approved.
Joe doesn't seem to be as sad as Mary seems to be.
Jami didn't think about Lucy.
A woman friend of ours took a trip to a small town last week.
My grandma is a very independent person.
Muhammad and Susie say they'll be more careful from now on.
Jami drank from the tap.
English is spoken by about a billion people.
A new student came into the class.
She has decided that she'll do that.
Jack gave some very sound advice.
Joe should have been the first one to do that.
Oliver isn't as rich as I thought he was.
Don't blame your mistakes on Jack.
Oliver told me that he thought that I should lose some weight.
Alex left a gift for you on your desk.
When did you come to Australia?
Jacob and Carmen told John they wanted to find higher-paying jobs.
Eva fell asleep with her clothes on.
Carmen admitted that she was frightened.
I think William is trying to lose weight.
They told me that they'd lost their watches.
I've already told Monica why she needs to do that.
James and Emma said they're through doing that.
Susie doesn't believe she could do that.
I thought that I'd left it at home.
I thought that Muhammad wasn't as old as I was.
He owns a good few sheep.
I can no longer remain silent.
I think that Jami won't resign.
Is it correct to say it like this?
Did you even know that his name was Alex?
We're going to need all the help we can get.
What kind of job are you looking for?
I wish I could play guitar.
William got married, didn't he?
That's what mothers are for.
Maybe Jami has already done what he was supposed to do.
I know where it came from.
I hope to attend.
Are you really willing to do that?
I need a challenge.
George is invited, too, isn't he?
Where do you think we are?
Carmen let herself in with a key.
I recommend this book.
George said that he was going to go the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
I'm really angry with Charlie.
Alex told me he thought that Mary was retired.
I know that Jacob isn't a bad manager.
I saved up my food for later.
I don't think that that's allowed here.
That's my father.
I never sleep in.
Have you ever wondered what might've happened if Oscar hadn't been here?
Ben represents the engine of the story.
I haven't asked a question yet.
Nothing could've prepared Muhammad for what was about to happen.
I'm fed up with all of Muhammad's complaints.
Aren't you having fun?
Alex swore he did not do it more than once.
Don't tell Tommy I did that.
I told Mary that I wanted to go to Boston with her.
This is too expensive!
Oliver and Alice don't know whether they can do that, but they say they'll try.
Guide dogs help blind people.
Not everything can be explained.
Don't believe him. He's just talking to hear himself talk.
I'd be more than happy to help you clean out your garage.
Muhammad and Emma said they didn't plan to go to John's concert.
Is this your homework?
I'll do whatever I can to help you and Oscar.
What have you guys been up too?
Mary is a video artist.
There is no getting along with him.
Do you like San Francisco?
Did Joe talk to you about Lucy?
The game was drawing to an end.
William and Monica's parents aren't going to let them go to Boston with you.
Eva said that she believed that.
He'll do his best to finish the job.
Alex and Catherine didn't want me to go to Boston with them.
I know George might've done that on purpose.
Alex is actually not the manager.
George has made his position clear.
Oscar is on the wagon.
Oliver is really short.
You will not be able to catch the train.
When William woke up, Laur was gone.
Valentina couldn't persuade Tommy to accept her gift.
John isn't my brother; he's my nephew.
Jami told Olivia that she wasn't pouring the beer correctly.
We got something from him.
I worry about whether I'll be a good father.
They say that they'll never leave early.
Adam doesn't know much about tennis.
On hearing the sound, the dog rushed away.
The call is free of charge.
I decided to buy a new umbrella.
Every spring brings its lot.
He will return from Europe soon.
James wanted me to go, so I went with him.
James isn't going to be mad if Valentina doesn't do that.
I will be his teacher.
The whole future is just around the corner.
Muhammad and Monica aren't serious, are they?
Do you think that's the answer?
I've asked Charlie to take my place.
Where did you hear that story?
Oliver was determined to exact revenge.
Leave me alone, will you?
Muhammad had one son and two daughters.
Sometimes I understand you.
I don't want to be with you.
I lived in Australia for a long time.
You can help.
I've already finished doing that.
I had no idea you guys were getting married. You should've told me earlier, darn it.
I know that Oliver would show me how to do that if I asked him to.
Why does he hesitate?
Lucy told Oscar that she was innocent.
They claimed that he'd killed her.
Are they together again?
Alice said she wasn't coming.
Alex said that he did it wrong.
That was a bad bet.
I'll probably get in trouble for telling you this, but I don't care.
Alice didn't go because George told her not to.
I'll be right here.
Jack says he thinks it might be expensive to do that.
She said that she had a job for me.
This one's really nice.
I know better than to lie to James.
There, something completely different.
I can't forgive him just because he's a boy.
Jami and Olivia don't often admit they're wrong.
My life is back to normal.
I don't know. It all happened in an instant.
What's your favorite recipe?
I sat together at the counter.
In my heart I always loved you!
What do you need German for?
There are times when I'd like to be more like you.
I thought that James was from Australia.
Anna said she was hoping we could travel together.
We'll finish the work even if it takes us all day.
"I think we shouldn't be doing this." "No one asked you."
Who are you calling fat?
Keep it up, Harry.
I swear you my life that it's true !
Oscar wanted to know why Lucy did that.
"You have got him! Where is he, then?" "He is here." "Here! Where?" "In my company at the present moment."
I like the competition.
Jack let us know that he needs do that.
Charlie is very young and doesn't really understand what's happening.
I thought that you were working.
He would sooner die than get up early every morning.
He was let out after serving just two years of his four-year prison sentence.
I'm using a Mac and I can't read a Windows 95 file.
I think that Jami won't be alone.
This racket is rather too heavy for me.
Don't worry. He knows what he's doing.
Oliver thought that Emma would probably be willing to help.
Oliver doesn't know why I'm here.
They say that Lucy is going to return.
Adam told everyone he was never coming back here.
I'm sure Oscar will be ready.
Don't mothers do that anymore?
George isn't as old as most people think he is.
If you could tell me when Oscar and Emma will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick them up.
Jacob has now agreed not to do that.
Who brought Jack here?
No one can live by and for himself.
I said I'm not going to do that anymore.
Jack was eventually convicted.
What are you doing right now?
Can you guess where I am right now?
I wish we could sing together more often.
He was taken off the team because of his injury.
In my opinion Alex did nothing wrong.
Muhammad knew that I was unlucky.
You've hardly touched your breakfast.
Do you have a dress in white?
What does the dog want?
No cash was missing.
Oscar just got off the phone with Margaret.
His opinions aren't worth listening to.
I wonder whether we're supposed to do that.
Alex and Julia are going to miss doing that.
Why are Alex and Margaret planning to move to Boston?
Almost everyone I know wears contacts.
I'm having lunch with Jacob later.
His business affairs are in good shape.
I want you to live more like a human being.
She ate her salad.
William and Olivia told us that they'd to go with us.
You weren't actually the one who did that, were you?
It took me a long time to convince Tommy to do that.
We need to talk about what needs to be done.
Charlie told me that he thought Laur was mean.
Jack is a simple-minded person.
George and Valentina are the best students in your class, aren't they?
Muhammad and Monica are likely to let John drive.
It'll be hard to do that.
It's a popular fishing spot.
Breakfast will be served.
The meal is good.
Emma said that she didn't want to die.
The doctor told Mary that she couldn't have any more children.
There's no sugar in my tea.
I can recommend this book to you.
My opinion doesn't matter.
You haven't eaten anything.
Oliver assumed that Monica wouldn't be at the party.
The next issue will feature articles on divorce.
Let Alice decide for herself.
We won't take it.
Eva says she's read all of these books.
We're all worried about them.
Tell Jami I can't marry him.
I asked Oliver not to do that here.
Jacob has decided to stay in Australia for another three days.
Who was writing on the wall?
Don't you have enough shoes?
I am shaking hands with my worst enemy.
Because of the victory, he became a hero.
Do you intend to go swimming today?
Jack is certainly going to do that.
Joe asked me if I was planning on staying.
William is almost ready to leave.
He said he'd do that again.
He is the greatest man in the world.
It was built to last.
My father told me about his experiences during the war.
I have some wonderful news for you.
Muhammad is going to need to wait a while longer.
I know Joe knows why you want Mary to do that.
There is nothing we can do to bring him back.
You said some nice things about me.
You aren't thinking.
You have a ring, don't you?
We'll do everything we can.
They said that they were lonely.
Tommy hasn't been to Australia recently.
The hero is male and white, he comes alone, he doesn't have a family, he never speaks of his family, and his mother died.
James and Catherine didn't want to admit that they were scared.
Jack said that he thinks he can do that.
We're filled for tonight.
Tommy didn't want to make the same mistake as Margaret had.
He is quick to learn.
Jack used to have a big house on Park Street.
They told me they thought I should lose some weight.
Jack was thirty years old when he got married.
I believe that I am one of the most honest politicians in France.
I didn't know it would be so much fun to do that.
It's what I'm used to doing.
He said he'll try to do that.
Enjoy the moment.
Can I sit next to him?
Nobody believes what I say.
This work is not necessarily easy.
I'm happy you're happy.
Thank you for the invitation.
Adam won't likely be forgiven.
You need help, Jacob.
They won't be in time.
This is not an error.
I don't want to cause you any trouble.
I am happy to help.
George and Alice told John they were ready to go.
He passed the examination.
What does Jami want to say to Laur?
I know that Tommy knows that Alice wants to do that.
He had to address the meeting.
I told Oliver I couldn't do that without his help.
Harry and Anna may not want to sing, but you should ask them anyway.
Nobody's allowed to do that.
Joe will eventually give up.
You just left, didn't you?
Maybe we can help her.
I don't want Oscar to help me with my homework.
Oscar has been waiting for ten minutes in the car.
Are you going to the dentist?
His honesty is beyond doubt.
George is at the shopping center, buying supplies.
I want you to know you're forgiven.
Aren't you done with this?
He's known for his sense of humor.
I know you still blame Alex for Mary's death.
"Is this Chinese or Japanese?" "It's Korean."
If only I could sing well.
Tommy says he still has no idea where Catherine is.
I don't think that Adam would be able to do that.
Oscar forgot to pay the electric bill.
Adam thought Carmen was going to kiss him.
A cookie is under the table.
Did I make the team?
I'm really hoping to see Adam.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
Joe said he won't do that again.
I know Jacob could do that if he needed to.
I know James is a lot smarter now.
I'm planning to stay at a hotel.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about what Jacob might do.
He stood behind the chair.
I didn't know that Jami knew why you did that by yourself.
The chicken was a bit dry.
You can borrow my car if you want.
Ifail tosee the humor in all this.
Oliver didn't say a word all evening.
No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
We'll be right behind you.
My injuries weren't so serious.
Alex wants to eat with us.
Obviously, Jacob and Emma are very rich.
William has a secret that he's never told anyone.
One should attack ideas with their own weapons: You do not shoot at ideas with a rifle.
There's nothing to be concerned about.
I want to know how much money Joe spent.
I'd like you to assist her.
I know I have to do that today.
Raise your hand if you want to speak.
I had a long talk with them.
I hope I dream about you tonight.
I think we should wait until Oscar and Anna get here.
William always seems to be confident.
I'm not sure William and Anna are willing to help us.
Let's make an appointment.
I'm making a doll for Anna.
Alex came for a visit yesterday.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
Tell Oliver I'm going out for a drive.
She is hungry for affection.
George said he wanted to leave early.
This is a training camp.
I think most people are better off now than they used to be.
It was Earth Day yesterday.
Harry and I stayed quiet.
Sam is serious about his work.
I'm exactly the same height as Alex and Lucy are.
George and Susie are smarter than they look.
Business is good.
Did you hear about what's happened to Joe?
You're cute.
I know it's them.
How far is it to the museum?
Catherine is the next in line, isn't she?
Tommy says Carmen was hungry.
Everybody knows George likes Olivia.
William and Olivia said they don't even want to think about it.
George never talks about what he wants to do in the future.
Is it OK if I call you James?
They wouldn't tell me where they went.
Don't you think Jami might be busy?
Why don't you let us go with you?
Most Japanese live on rice.
Where are they taking her?
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
It is hard to believe that it actually happened.
How could you let Oliver go?
What do you understand?
As long as it is cheap, any watch will do.
I'm going to see the world.
Why wouldn't you listen?
I'm trying to figure out what I should do.
Adam said Julia could have gotten home by herself.
Let's drink to his success.
You're such a chicken.
He often cries when he's drunk.
I know Oliver and Catherine have a house in Boston.
He fell in love with one of his students.
Charlie and Emma were disappointed, weren't they?
Can't we go now?
His car ran into a tree.
Jami wanted to do that earlier.
Oliver only thinks about making money.
She says she can see ghosts.
Can I have another drink now?
Harry has been given a ticket.
He had something in his hand.
He decided to keep his distance.
The cake has gone bad, no one's going to eat it anymore...
Jami hoped he wouldn't be blamed for what happened.
Do you know anybody who lives in Boston?
William won't be frightened.
I don't think George knows how it happened.
Oscar asked Margaret how to turn off the computer.
You wouldn't do this if Alex and Laur were here.
Oliver said Carmen didn't speak French.
Charlie had a problem with Laur.
Drinking and driving can be dangerous.
When will we drive home?
I wonder whether Jacob is free this afternoon.
I know James could force you to do that.
Valentina didn't know she had to do that.
They looked like they were tired.
In times like this, we should all pull together.
I'm serious about my job.
This idiot of Jacob should have guessed that the last word in this sentence would of course be for Olivia.
I cut off all ties with him.
Even if it rains, he'll play golf.
I hardly ever see you anymore.
Muhammad and Mary say they're going to find out what has to be done.
These are expensive.
I'm pretty certain I haven't made any mistakes.
That is a school.
He bought himself a new sports car.
Something seems to be wrong with this watch.
I didn't want that.
I couldn't stop giggling.
I remember her face, but I don't remember her name.
Even now, we still doubt that he is the real murderer.
Are you sure you aren't cold?
Muhammad said you like to watch horror movies.
Charlie and Olivia told John that they were sleepy.
William said he thought he might need to do that today.
Ask Jack where he is.
I knew Alex wasn't a good driver, but I let him drive anyway.
She thought that her daughter was possessed.
Alex wanted to know the time.
I haven't quite made up my mind.
Joe doesn't want to go to the hospital.
She is too young to know the truth.
I'm more worried about Tommy now.
Do you know James by any chance?
You should tell Tommy not to do that again.
Oscar takes tap dancing lessons twice a week.
You can sleep late tomorrow morning.
Okay, Oscar, that's enough!
Forget I ever said anything.
"Do you like this painting?" "Yes, but I think the frame is more expensive than the picture. Where did you buy it?"
Do you want me to finish it?
Charlie and Susie enjoyed a romantic meal.
Why wasn't I told this before?
He isn't my type.
Muhammad said Susie was too tired to help us today.
I need this one.
How do you think that made Jack and Mary feel?
This movie theater has two floors.
I had an argument with my girlfriend and now she's not talking to me.
He would be paid a small amount of money.
Oscar wanted to know why Mary didn't like him.
I thought I heard my name being called.
She looks like an angel.
Tommy refused to show us how to do that.
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.
They said they'd get there early.
Alex's got a great future.
Jami said he thought that Valentina seemed to be desperate to do that.
I'm not as angry as Oliver is.
Did you get an answer from Muhammad?
Charlie spent long hours in the woods.
Do I really remind you of her?
How much do you charge per hour?
She saw red at that moment.
Tell Alex that I need his help.
Margaret wasted no time.
In my opinion, she's right.
I wish Charlie would come back home.
They said that they felt terrible.
I watched the movie.
I can't get home by myself.
I didn't need to do that, but I did.
It could be a mistake.
Oliver can probably help solve this problem.
I know that I might not have to do that anymore.
Why not come with us?
Almost everyone in the class voted in favor of having a thank-you party for the teachers.
Joe really likes basketball.
I know Jami will try to arrive on time.
Harry is a good chess player.
I still don't know what's going to happen next.
I usually speak French to my teachers.
I'm very surprised that Alex isn't here.
After the work day was over, Harry went home to his wife.
Do you really think that George will be reasonable?
I suspect Oliver is curious.
Joe and Alice didn't have enough money to buy what they needed.
Charlie is doing the laundry.
Are you saying you don't like it?
Mary said she wanted to leave early.
Jami said he was curious.
"How are you doing?" "A little better."
You could have killed me, but you didn't.
I know Adam and Anna used to be good friends.
James hates hot weather.
I know lots of pilots.
You are tired.
I don't think anybody else could do my job.
He is proud that his father was a famous scientist.
See you tomorrow morning!
I hope something good happens before the day is over.
I was born on a ship.
Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it over a cup of coffee.
James and I do a lot of things together.
We've got what we need.
Harry didn't seem to be a nice guy.
I want to make a pie.
This video has already more than a million views.
They told me they thought they could win.
Which do you prefer, coffee or tea?
What's your job here?
Are James and Margaret afraid of that?
George is a really good student.
Had it not been for this error, our team could have won the match.
George won't believe us.
I wish it had been that easy.
Julia said she'd never see me again.
I should know by now that I shouldn't trust Jami.
We don't have enough money to go to Boston by airplane.
Alex will explain why that happened.
Joe will be there to meet you.
Where're the shoes?
The rain turned to snow.
Tommy isn't in his bedroom.
They'll help you do that, won't they?
Your physical condition is crucial.
I have to lose some weight.
Jack is looking forward to getting started.
They said they thought I was cute.
I saw my friend.
Why are you smiling?
You may have it for nothing.
There cannot be any tea left in the pot.
James said that you wanted to go to Australia with us.
I felt something touch my feet.
I know Jami knows I shouldn't be doing that here.
There is no other choice.
Julia was Jacob's first wife.
Whoever may say so, I won't believe.
I really don't sing.
I just made it up.
Joe knocked on the door again.
Have Adam and Susie studied French?
How much did George pay you to help him clean out his garage?
We like to play soccer.
Harry said that he's glad that that you did that.
I think that would be very helpful.
William found an ancient gold coin.
Charlie wanted you to have this.
We almost weren't able to do that.
I'll warn them.
Raise your hand.
Charlie didn't seem to be as relaxed as Alice.
James said that he saw Margaret tonight.
This painting should bring a lot of money at auction.
She has trouble keeping her temper.
My story made the teacher cry.
I'd like to go to Boston with you.
This work calls for a high degree of skill.
She needed help doing her taxes.
Adam was sitting three tables away from us.
We thought you didn't like it.
I said I didn't remember.
I didn't think that Muhammad wanted to do that by himself.
We'd better try and find somewhere safe.
Oscar kept his promise to Olivia.
Fill up the bucket.
I knew that George would be able to do that if you helped him.
I wish Jami were my brother.
Usually, I'll be gone before the morning light.
Adam and Eva were delighted with the result.
I keep having nightmares.
How many sandwiches did Valentina take to school with her?
Let go.
Aren't you sisters?
Muhammad lost his key.
Alex is an industrial engineer.
Alex has finally told the truth.
You must be able to speak French for this job.
Alex, I also want to know what your opinion of this is.
Just what the heck is going on here?
I think you've done this before.
Perhaps you are right.
There is honor even among thieves.
Speaking a foreign language correctly is much harder than understanding one.
Where did we come from?
He's here to protect you.
He said that he was unhappy.
He said that he'd be right over.
I wonder what George and Susie plan to do tomorrow.
That's a nice story.
Jami has never heard Mary tell a lie.
I had to drop Jacob off at school.
She's fixing a car.
If I'd had more money, I'd have bought that pen.
I knew that Charlie would have enough time.
My wife keeps to a strict diet.
Do her parents know she was selected for the program?
Joe asked Emma if he could hold her hand.
Take them to the hospital.
I assume that's a joke.
Wow, that's so cool.
Joe said he thought that Emma wasn't very good at speaking French.
Alex bought everything he needed to buy.
He put his boots back on.
I should have been here yesterday.
Oliver didn't tell Mary he was going to do that.
Careful, don't fall!
The rebels did not only take hostages, but also set the entire village on fire.
I know that James is afraid to walk through the woods alone.
They do everything we tell them.
I need to make another call.
You are boring me!
He should get to your house in an hour.
The idea shocked George.
Oliver put the eggs on a plate.
I thought Tommy could do that for Emma.
I want what you owe me and I want it now.
You're a real pain in the neck.
Don't go to such a place at night.
Jacob didn't tell Carmen he was sleepy.
Alex and Alice knew that they weren't going to have any fun.
I'm sorry, George. I just can't do it.
Do you think it would be safe to do that?
You can't be too careful when crossing the street.
They said they love that kind of work.
George told everyone that he was fine.
I'll be watching you.
You must listen to me.
I still think it's funny.
Why do I have to help?
Don't tell her I said that.
We worked like so many ants.
Some questions were asked me by the teacher.
I doubt very seriously Harry will be up at this time of night.
She has finished her work.
Father and I go fishing once in a while.
Joe won't ask you to work late.
He has a son.
I'm here with a friend.
Maybe that would work.
An excellent man: he has no enemies, and none of his friends like him.
You can invite anyone you want.
Tell me which bus I should take.
I hope Harry doesn't lose his voice.
Joe works at the largest department store in town.
Say hello to Jimmy.
Goodbye, cruel world.
Muhammad and Emma say they didn't know John was going to have to do that next week.
I think I've got a better idea.
Charlie has stopped crying.
Many books were forgotten.
Joe accepted an expensive gift from Alice.
Alex is much surprised at the news.
I usually go to bed before ten.
It's thanks to you.
William and Lucy say they need to find someone to do that for them.
Neither Harry nor Laur has been suspended from the team.
Jami checked Olivia's pulse to see whether she was alive or not.
Can you please come fix this?
I'm doing what's necessary.
George told Julia that he'd eat anything she made for him.
My bucket is full.
Jacob rescued the cat from the flames.
Jacob let the cat out of the bag when he accidentally told his mother about the surprise party being planned for her.
"I saw Charlie today." "Who?!"
You can't fire him.
Father has now got a superior position in his office.
At least I wasn't alone.
I know Jami isn't a very bright kid.
Muhammad has to agree.
I think that Adam may come to Boston for Thanksgiving.
I don't think that you ought to do that here.
I want to go to the moon.
I bought one.
He has got it.
I want you to drive me to school.
We deserve this.
He's going to his room.
I want to eat something nice.
William thought Catherine would be first.
Muhammad assured Monica that he wouldn't be late for the party.
Kick! Kick!
I have read your book. It's very interesting.
George goes to his parents' house every weekend.
James was invited to Australia by Alice.
Didn't you know that Alex wanted to do that?
Oliver isn't really happy here.
Doesn't that sound like something Muhammad would say?
Another patient has died.
James walked into the house carrying a box full of old clothes.
There was a cool wind.
Please don't cry any more.
Don't trust him, no matter what he says.
Adam is good at driving.
I know Harry will be doing that again today.
Where did she stay last night?
I admitted that Jack and Lucy were right.
I can't wait for Muhammad any longer.
Mr. Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Israel has the right to "defend" itself including by killing children in their homes with chemical weapons.
He never gave up on himself.
We might get arrested if we do that.
He told me he didn't cry.
Jacob is quite selfish.
Is that a scientific fact?
Jacob admitted he murdered Valentina.
William said that he wouldn't want to do that.
Muhammad's very hard-working.
You don't think Alex can do that, do you?
I think it's dangerous to swim in this river.
I'm not going to go in there.
They never admitted that they were wrong.
Charlie and Lucy said they won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Are you and your sister close?
I have to go find James.
James is fine today.
Tommy wouldn't even discuss it.
William isn't very happy, is he?
I lost weight last winter.
Tell me everything that William told you.
The country needs your help.
I'd like to thank you for everything you've done.
I got very angry with Oliver.
I want Charlie to know that.
It's expensive.
They promised me they'd do it.
Joe will come back to get Julia.
What do you need me to explain?
Adam only does what I tell him to do.
Carmen is quite angry, isn't she?
I would vote for that.
They've denied they cheated.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in exams.
Tell Jack I need to get home before 2:30.
I'd be embarrassed to do that here.
She lost her son in the war.
Remember to check to make sure the gas has been turned off before you go out.
William and Catherine aren't likely to cry, are they?
Lucy claims she was drunk at the time.
Listening to this song makes me want to dance.
This plan is being discussed right now.
Why do I have to dress up?
Take off your socks, please.
Please do so.
French is spoken in Switzerland.
Adam said he thought Julia was having fun.
I expected Tommy to go swimming with us yesterday.
Don't waste your time.
Laur drew me a map to her house.
What public equipment is there?
Not until yesterday did I know the truth.
Carmen told me she didn't know why Tommy had left.
Adam has done something bad.
Will you be long?
Tommy kept his true feelings hidden from everyone.
Muhammad and Susie haven't finished eating yet.
I'm here to help in any way I can.
It's now your turn.
I'm glad someone told me.
We can tell you're not a bad guy, Oliver.
How many years has Oliver been doing that?
This is a fact, not a fiction.
There's somebody who wants to meet you.
My family's not rich.
Have had it.
We can do this together.
She's more powerful than you.
Joe has told me he'll do that tomorrow.
James and Mary said that they'd be happy to do that.
I have someplace to go.
Did you shave this morning?
My car's parked out front.
Can you remember anything at all about that?
Jacob should've won.
Jacob is back in the hospital.
I don't know this song.
I don't see what you're so concerned about.
Joe realized he ought to do that.
It doesn't help.
It's a special time for us.
The people gathered about us.
He discovered a new star.
He'll laugh when he sees this.
It doesn't have to be that complicated.
I've written the letter already.
James held out his hand to Lucy.
They promised they'd do that tomorrow.
You really should've gone to Australia last summer.
I need to know that William and Carmen are happy.
I think that this is right.
I should've been able to handle Adam.
William was wearing a green jacket.
William has been blamed for what happened.
I know Jacob and Anna aren't telling the truth.
Each way of sleeping is likely to produce a different kind of adult.
Is there a post office near here?
Charlie looks very sleepy.
It could be exciting.
Mice carry the plague.
We help Jack in a lot of ways.
Has Oscar ever been married?
My boyfriend still hasn't been to the Great Wall.
Jacob said that he wasn't ready to become a father.
You might as well leave.
They were badly in need of water.
I sat down on the couch next to her.
Both of us could have died.
Shit! You scared me half to death!
I wrote to them.
I wonder why Alex and Susie are so exhausted.
We met her here.
Where have you been, young lady?
Alex said that Emma knew he wanted to do that again.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anyone else.
Oliver and I aren't alone.
Charlie didn't win the race, ruining his perfect record.
That won't have an effect.
I wish Charlie wouldn't keep telling everyone I'm his brother.
I'm concerned about Jack.
She bought three new picks.
Jacob was looking up at the ceiling.
I like playing golf.
Have you been back to Boston since you graduated?
Alex always seems to be happy.
Let's find out what Jack thinks.
Carmen is going to be really tired when she gets home, isn't she?
Report the sick!
That's all past now.
Margaret claimed she did that.
Muhammad asked Carmen to help him.
In fact, it's a mistake.
I'll tell him myself.
How are we going to get past the alarm system?
How long should we leave it in the oven?
George is expected to make a full recovery.
William suggested that you might enjoy going to the zoo with us.
I didn't know William and Mary were planning to do that today.
We're the only ones here who know that Joe already knows why Laur didn't do that.
Read this when you have time.
How did I get into this?
Jami thought that no one was at home.
Would you excuse me for a sec?
The leaves fell from the trees.
I hope you'll soon get well.
I have to pull over for a minute.
William and Catherine told John they wouldn't eat the stew if it had pork in it.
I usually take a bath after dinner.
Nothing's going on.
Peter reads a book.
Jacob has been to Boston, hasn't he?
You'd do the same for me.
Please let the man talk.
They're very good with their hands.
I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
Why are Tommy and Catherine still doing that?
I shouldn't have accused him of stealing the money.
Jacob took the morning off.
I only left him one message.
This idea is totally new to me.
The chicken was dry.
I couldn't tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside.
I don't know why they hate each other so much.
He asked if he had to do that.
What's Jack carrying?
There are 26 letters in French: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency and asked for financial aid from the federal government in Washington.
And the Lord said to Moses: Stretch out thy hand towards heaven: and may there be darkness upon the land of Egypt so thick that it may be felt.
Every Sunday, at exactly six in the morning, the priest opens the church doors and rings the bell.
A South African man and his brother helped to start a software company; when the company was bought out, he owned seven percent of the common shares and made a large capital gain on the sale.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December are the twelve months of the year.
In order for fighter planes to fly faster than sound, they have to overcome a sharp rise in drag near the speed of sound.
The reaction the band members receive on the road from mostly female fans has been compared to Beatlemania in the early 1960s.
The President cannot make clouds to rain and cannot make the corn to grow, he cannot make business good; although when these things occur, political parties do claim some credit for the good things that have happened in this way.
Treasure is a collection of precious objects. For example: The pirate captain was looking for hidden treasure.
"What, I to leave thee helpless, and to flee? / O father! could'st thou fancy it? Could e'er / a parent speak of such a crime to me?"
The Prime Minister signed a trade agreement between the two countries.
Greg has the grace of a swan, the wisdom of an owl, and the eye of an eagle. Ladies and gentlemen, this man is for the birds!
However, when I finally reached the castle I was thrown into this prison by the commander of the imperial guard.
Particles may be moving fast (high temperature), but if there are very few of them, they wont transfer much energy (low heat).
Holmes sat forward in his arm chair and spread out the documents upon his knees. Then he lit his pipe and sat for some time smoking and turning them over.
Budget items that received priority are education, social security and other fields that are closely related to people's lives.
A study shows lung cancer accounts for 17% of women's cancer deaths.
Many people suffer from reverse culture shock when returning to their home country after spending a long time abroad.
Martial arts have their limits. You just have to look at Bruce Lee. He was the strongest but he couldn't help dying.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I'd be very happy if they were my witnesses.
All creatures drink joy at the breast of nature; all good, all evil follow her trail of roses.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson ordered his men to arrest Matt.
Those 4 degrees meant that 30 percent of the land area of the world was covered in ice.
Taking advantage of the popular boom in Korean drama, workers selling Korean goods have increased.
It is not possible for us to read one newspaper on one day and get a complete picture of world events. We must seek out multiple sources: newspapers, magazines, television and  yes  the internet.
And again she said: Who would believe that Abraham should hear that Sara gave suck to a son, whom she bore to him in his old age?
Stepping into the carriage the princess drove to the grand entrance of the palace.
Today I hooked my trailer up to my car, filled it with rubbish and took a very full load to the local rubbish dump.
Tell me about your fantastic dreams in which you are the emperor of the universe and command an army of billions of robots.
The cleaner thought that she was only doing her job - in actual fact, she destroyed a modern work of art worth millions. Now the museum is struggling with how to handle the crisis.
Rape and sexual assault are crimes of violence.
For nothing this wide universe I call, Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.
Hail all faithful souls, whose bodies here and everywhere do rest in the dust.
The families of the factory workers need schools, hospitals, and stores, so more people come to live in the area to provide these services, and thus a city grows.
It has been said that a man at ten is an animal, at twenty a lunatic, at thirty a failure, at forty a fraud, and at fifty a criminal.
Then the false bride answered: "She deserves to be put stark naked into a barrel lined with sharp nails, which should be dragged by two white horses up and down the street till she is dead."
The central intelligence agency managed to plant a secret agent inside the deadly terrorist organization.
"What do you want?" asked the Indian chief. "We want all the land from the North Pole to the South Pole," said the English general.
Instead of studying Italian, I'm wasting time on a bunch of nonsense.
Chris saw his favorite girl, Kate, having a private conversation with Beth.
It's not fair to judge someone based only on their physical appearance.
One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.
Roger Miller was born on January 2, 1936 in the western city of Fort Worth, Texas.
November 23rd is Labor Thanksgiving Day, which was established as a national holiday to stress the importance of labor in people's minds.
The square root of six hundred and nine thousand nine hundred and sixty-one is seven hundred and eighty-one.
Mr and Mrs Jones pay their servants every week.
We're gonna be a mommy and a daddy.
Bob will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
Jackie Chan is a star of Hong Kong cinema.
The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
The soap ruined our vacation because it caused an allergic reaction downstairs.
The prosecutor agreed not to press charges in exchange for a hundred hours of community service.
Scientists believe that about 13.7 billion years ago, a powerful explosion called the Big Bang happened. This powerful explosion set the universe into motion and this motion continues today.
The Society for Protection of Nature was established by nature lovers, to protect the beauty that surrounded them.
You have my respect for your ability to see your own enterprise from the outside and for operating within ordinary human and moral limits.
The SecretaryGeneral may bring to the attention of the Security Council any matter which appears to threaten international peace and security.
Doctors can bury their mistakes, but an architect can only advise his clients to plant ivy.
And now the King and Queen, having kissed their dear child without waking her, went out of the palace and sent forth orders that nobody should come near it.
When a person is praying one day, and then he sins six days, the Great Spirit is angry, and the Evil Spirit laughs.
Lucy witnessed a murder in the main square of Florence.
As far back as ancient Greece, humans have wondered whether other solar systems might exist in the universe.
Cable boxes are more useful as places for cats to sleep than as entertainment machines.
Say, therefore, I pray thee, that thou art my sister, that I may be well used for thee, and that my soul may live for thy sake.
When you create an ID on our website, you have to provide some personal information.
A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
That dress looks good on you, but it makes you look pregnant. Oh, no, not the figure; I meant the design.
Tyler was born and grew up in the same part of Virginia as William Henry Harrison.
John and Cathy have different tastes and different characters. Trying to get them together is like putting a square peg in a round hole.
The central location gives easy access to stores and offices.
Long long ago in India, a monkey, a fox, and a rabbit lived happily together.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage and half shut afterwards.
The scene was a tiny mountain village in a remote section of West Virginia.
Police immediately sealed off the streets around the hotel as they searched for the bomb.
Arguing with a woman is like trying to drown the water, burn the fire, dig the soil or catch the air.
We are here just for a spell and then pass on. So get a few laughs and do the best you can. Live your life so that whenever you lose it, you are ahead.
Examine the evidence. How has the reporter confirmed the evidence? Is there video you can trust? Is there a paper trail -- documents to prove what happened?
The serial killer has bought six thousand bullets for his weapons through the Web.
Native Americans fought with bow and arrow.
It is fairly safe to say that the family bound for Australia, or wherever it may be, has in its mind a vision of a nice house, or a flat, with maybe a bit of garden.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods. They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them.
FAIRY TALE  a life that was invented soul when it does not suit her real life.
"But hence, where leads the path, thy forward steps pursue."
Then the Lord God cast a deep sleep upon Adam: and when he was fast asleep, he took one of his ribs, and filled up flesh for it.
I'm wondering what will happen if I push this button.
We were crowded in the cabin, Not a soul would dare to sleep, It was midnight on the waters, And a storm was on the deep.
There are hundreds of thousands of women in jail at any given time in the United States.
James lost his passport and all his credit cards when he was visiting his girlfriend in Moscow.
"Aw man... I know how much it sucks to have your parents get divorced..." "Are you saying that your parents are also divorced?" "Yep. Last I checked, my mom was somewhere in Europe."
You have asked me if I know the name of the assassin. I do. The mere knowing of his name is a small thing, however, compared with the power of laying our hands upon him.
Our theories of the eternal are as valuable as are those which a chick which has not broken its way through its shell might form of the outside world.
Magic tricks are lies that the audience knows are lies.
Wrap the wire in electrical tape.
Brain cells are particularly sensitive to a loss of oxygen.
Let us be fully aware of all the importance of this day, because today within the generous walls of Boulogne-sur-Mer have met not French with English, nor Russians with Polish, but people with people.
The minister of defense was executed by anti-aircraft machine gun fire for falling asleep during a military parade.
Why is it so difficult to establish that the nervous cell is the basic unit for the nervous tissue?
The world is a sacred vessel that cannot be acted on. Whoever acts on it will ruin it; whoever holds on to it will lose it.
In the Chinese football game in which the players used their feet and bodies - but never their hands - the goal was a hole in a net made from silk.
A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached on many different grounds, at different times.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
According to Saint Thomas, reason can help faith in three ways.
Former pop stars are just plain old women by the time they're 40.
After five brutal rounds, the judges could not split the two fighters, and the bout was declared a draw.
Kevin has bought a diamond ring and is going to pop the question to Kim tonight.
Goodness knows why he's been picked for the national squad - he's been terrible all season!
Japan depends on overseas countries for the supply of raw cotton.
Lucy's nerves caused her to mess up her job interview.
The performance got get terrific applause from the audience.
The flash of lightning was almost instantly followed by a burst of thunder, for the storm-cloud was very near the castle.
Anne suddenly felt that if she had not yet won Anthony's liking she had, somehow or other, won his respect.
The story took a great hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles, and I have no doubt that it led to his tragic end.
This shows that happiness and sadness are only separated by attitude.
Remove from the heat, add the butter, and leave to cool.
The Van Horn family was in the chips.
Jim burned the midnight oil when he was preparing for the examination.
"Please move aside." "Ya wanna make something of it, sonny?"
And Jacob being in love with her, said: I will serve thee seven years for Rachel, thy younger daughter.
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.
I want a religion that respects the differences that exist between people and that states that each individual has their own personality.
The cardinal directions are: north, south, east, and west.
Mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease.
The Steve Miller Band released a new album in June of 2010.
British prime minister David Cameron plans to resign.
I take the boy upon me, require him at my hand: unless I bring him again, and restore him to thee, I will be guilty of sin against thee for ever.
Mama, Alex won't gimme back my toy!
Commit to memory the one key idea you want the audience to take away from each slide.
Detective Dan Anderson got an anonymous tip from a man who claimed to know Linda.
Charlie had lost a hand and a leg up to the knee in a fight against a shark. He now had a wooden leg and a hook instead of a hand.
"Can you smell something burning?" "Oh, I went and burnt the toast."
I used to volunteer at the local soup kitchen.
The Mexican army threatened action.
Although I've worked on relevant projects, I've never been assigned to a project of this scale.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson carefully collected samples for DNA testing.
The gang leader made all the members toe the line, keeping control through fear.
"Whose ears are these?" "They are Mickey Mouse's."
The waitress bought a new cellphone and she's shown it to all her regular customers.
The president is showing signs of mental illness.
Our peace shall stand as firm as rocky mountains.
He turned into the finest inn, ordered the best chamber and his favourite dinner; for now that he had so much money he was really rich.
Lord Jesus Christ in heaven, please protect me.
Buttons occur when you press the screen and disappear again after 3 seconds.
A recent study shows that we process images 60,000 times faster than text.
The practical application of these principles will depend, always and everywhere, on the specific historical conditions.
Maybe in a different universe, our basic five senses are useless and we would require different senses altogether.
Today, information moves around us in many forms, every hour of every day. Even if we do not seek out news on our own, we often receive it anyway, instantly, on our phones.
Peace is not the absence of war; it is the presence of justice.
The plant supervisor said to his crew, "Let's knock off for lunch."
Suffering has a noble purpose: the evolution of the consciousness and the burning up of the ego.
Don't stick your nose into my personal affairs.
2002: President Bush signs the Homeland Security Act and it becomes an official Cabinet agency.
Pink and rose are similar colors.
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug.
The state of the art is the highest level of development, as of a device, technique, or scientific field, achieved at a particular time.
Scientists have learned that, throughout Earth's history, temperature and CO2 levels in the air are closely tied.
Charlie's mother is twice as old as him. When his age is added to hers, the total is fifty-one. How old are Charlie and his mother?
The ordered item will be delivered to you by mail.
Dude, you're so dumb when it comes to women...
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
When you get on the highway, shift into fifth gear.
No, Charlie is in Spain. Daniel and his mother are in England.
They like to compare their country to the Roman Empire. However, the Romans wouldn't have been able to conquer the whole world, let alone destroy it. But those people are in the process of doing it.
Behold, Rebecca is before thee, take her and go thy way, and let her be the wife of thy master's son, as the Lord hath spoken.
The local police joined forces with the coast guard to try to find any survivors.
The pig grunts.
Pardon me, madam, I'm ashamed to be crying like this in front of you, but I can't hold my tears.
Many people pushed their way toward the rear exit.
You know that the only reason we stand here tonight is because men and women from both of our nations came together to work, and struggle, and sacrifice for that better life.
Each full moon they danced in the Royal Circle of the Queen.
When Lisa asked what he did at the weekend, he told a pack of lies.
If you paint it yellow, you'll kill two birds with one stone: it'll stand out, and you'll save money because you can use paint you already have.
What's goin on, bro?
The general took the bull by the horns and saved his army from disaster.
I don't watch these sci-fi shows for the sake of a child audience. I watch them because I'm personally interested.
"Pad See Ew" is a Thai dish made with flat, broad rice noodles.
I went downstairs and carried the dog upstairs in my arms.
A face as ill as yours and it isn't important? If you change your mind, a trip to the hospital is the best option, alright?
I've heard that it's impossible to sound like a native speaker unless one starts speaking the language before the age of twelve.
Legal services will be provided by lawyers and other experts to be appointed by the government.
Poetry is the echo of the melody of the universe in the hearts of humans.
Muhammad's grandfather was a signal officer in the army.
In detail, I'm considering the meaning of the command "exist somewhat".
I am master of all the birds in the world, and have only to blow my whistle and every one will come to me.
Paul jumped everywhere, delighted to have won.
Lewis and Clark kept very careful records.
"Where's your snake?" "Oh, I don't know. I haven't seen him for a few days. I think he's hiding somewhere."
Are you sending me one of your photos in private?
Shane explains to Joey why he's leaving.
China's power is growing at an incredibly fast rate.
Anyone who really wishes to apply themselves to the freedom of mankind must have the courage to face the truth, regardless how bitter it may be.
The President will continue to work with Congress wherever he can to keep our economy moving forward and creating jobs.
A dangerous criminal has escaped from the insane asylum.
James appeared out of nowhere to rescue her, like a knight in shining armor.
The agent may be caught. In that case money is found for his bail or his defence. But the central power which uses the agent is never caughtnever so much as suspected.
One of Roger Miller's biggest hits was "King of the Road."
Freedom is the core of all human progress. It believes that nothing's given to us, but if you're willing to work hard. If you're willing to compete, the American dream is there for you.
Even though the speed limit was 55 miles per hour, Oscar was driving much faster.
Never cast dirt into that fountain of which you have sometime drunk.
Studies say that true happiness comes from giving back, not from material things.
His policy puts the accent on national welfare.
We're spending Christmas Eve at our grown daughter's house.
Her lover is a spy working for the British government.
In general, communication between doctors and their patients is the most important part of medical treatment.
Life begins where your comfort zone ends.
Political prisoners are on a hunger strike for better conditions.
Honestly, I would think driving there daily is better than moving.
Soldiers on both sides were dying by the millions.
The Wedding March always reminds me of the music played when soldiers go into battle.
Americans love their Super Bowl parties.
I saw a lot of birds flying toward the south.
Jami suddenly became a genius after hitting his head on a rock in an bike accident.
I'll be damned, if by the end of the movie the chef doesn't turn out to be the killer.
Is it true? Paul kissed Lily on the lips?
Dan's guilt could not be proved without the murder weapon.
Humans are too violent for world peace to ever become a reality.
We are all capable of loving and being loved at the moment of our birth.
Let us fulfill our profession as human beings, and the profession of the priest becomes worthless.
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration.
Andy hung his shirt up in the closet.
She has suffered his ill treatment of her in silence for years.
No matter how low the target, always aim higher.
He spent six years as a political prisoner in South Africa.
Stan has always carried a torch for Liz.
"Save me, Dr. Rabbit!" "No." "Oh!" "Attack, children!"
Sally told me that she will break off her relationship with Gary
When Di Ma tried for the 966th time, he had already begun to lose hope.
Because of their good work history and excellent credit record, the bank manager felt safe in offering George and Emma a mortgage at only two percent above the prime interest rate.
Colonel Collins was the first woman to be in charge of a Space Shuttle mission.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson sent the sample to the FBI lab for testing.
We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
The gates were packed with people shouting.
Dan taught Matt the art of romance.
The president granted a general pardon.
Barry Taylor's name was put forward for the position of president.
If you give me the apple, Helen, more beautiful than all other women, will be yours.
I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.
Russia is being attacked by many Western countries.
Oh my beloved childhood, I long for you with all my heart!
"I met Adam at the weekend." "What? Really? Normally he lets no one come near him, let alone women."
If you tell a lie, Lord Emma will rip out your tongue.
Edward is junior to Robert.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices.
James's company is under investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.
If one in one hundred rounds does not hit the target, it's not first-class shooting.
The Prime Minister tried to cover up the scandal, but that just made it worse when the newspapers discovered the truth.
It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.
For the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction.
Lightning struck nearby without warning! I thought my heart was going to stop beating.
Whenever I swallow, my throat hurts.
For your sake, father, I would cut the devil himself into small bits, or even become a devil myself.
The school authorities started to take action at their request.
Because it is politics that has caused this war, making the war our everyday reality.
Religion is freedom and justice being sought in the entire region.
Her father's name's Carlos Antonio. Her boyfriend's Carlos Miguel.
The map's legend shows what each symbol stands for.
And his mother said to him: Upon me be this curse, my son: only hear thou my voice, and go, fetch me the things which I have said.
Jesus Christ, that's some next-level nightmare fuel right there.
Nature never breaks its own laws.
Who runs faster, Judy or Tony?
These rooms appeared to be much more modern than the central part of the house.
What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.
Dear passengers! If you get on a means of transport and don't have a season ticket, punch a one-time ticket without waiting for the next station.
The elite goat shock troops have captured West Virginia.
Until recently, the main function of women was to marry and give birth to children.
The media sells a trace of hatred at bargain prices.
We, the jury, find the defendant guilty of murder.
These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott.
The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.
Absolute privacy on Facebook is an illusion. It doesn't exist in reality.
He was an holy Joe that everyone respected.
I have a kitty called Nina.
That Jordan replaced the main engine in this experiment is self-evident.
Figure seven shows all the parts of the motor.
Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Worlds.
This weed killer does not harm human beings.
Soccer played throughout the world today is closest to the original football.
General is a higher rank than colonel.
Everyone knows that an escort service offers more than a good massage.
I would therefore like to draw attention to the Report of the Committee on Invisible Members of Parliament.
For several months after the robbery the thieves kept a low profile.
Among the many questions scientists are trying to answer are whether Mars has liquid water and how the solar system was formed.
Everyone was very surprised to discover that the slave girl was in reality a princess.
"Bye, see you tomorrow." "Oh, what's this? Leaving on the dot again?"
I will not settle for a silver medal.
George doesn't drink alcoholespecially not whiskey.
It was almost the perfect crime: we arrived at the scene, opened the trunk, killed the man and cleaned up the prints, but we forgot to hide the body.
The peaceful transfer of authority is rare in history, yet common in our country.
Smaller classes mean a higher standard of education, and that's what we want for our kids.
Nuclear power plants don't appeal to everybody.
In many countries women have still not achieved equal status to men.
At the door, she found a coach made of pure gold, with the coat-of-arms of the prince and princess shining upon it like a star.
No man can know them, no hunter can shoot them, with powder and lead - Thoughts are free!
Most people base their political positions on feelings rather than evidence.
I saw that the whole case hung upon one point. Fixing her with my eye in a way which I always found effective with women, I asked her at what hour her son returned.
The governor decided to provide assistance for the victims.
It's rare that history comes with a man that his fear is set in the hearts of kings all around earth.
She earned remarkable grades at the final exams.
Probably the most famous evil clown character is the Joker character from recent Batman films.
Click the image to hear animal's sound.
Each attempt which the Master made to explain his purpose of departure only proved a new evidence of his desire to stay.
One hundred percent of the brain's capacity has been reached.
The traditional way of learning a language may satisfy at most one's sense of duty, but it can hardly serve as a source of joy. Nor will it likely be successful.
I love walls, and I love China. I especially love the Great Wall of China. They're all tremendous.
The car slipped on black ice and struck a power pole.
It was Angela who put William on to Steven.
The rocket blew up a few seconds after launch.
God save this state and this honorable court.
Venus has very thick, rapidly spinning clouds which cover its surface.
The Prime Minister admitted that the government's new social security policy probably wouldn't pass the pub test.
"Oh," said Anne, "Diana, this is too much. I must be dreaming."
My cellphone beeps if the battery is running low.
The average nurse is entitled to three weeks' holiday a year.
Although tide pool creatures can survive harsh conditions, human visitors can easily disturb them.
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
Footsteps outside the house. It sounded like someone jumping from the wall.
Matt Brown is Rita Lewis's husband.
George knew a man whose father was a helicopter pilot during the Vietnam War.
A warm, sunny day is ideal for a picnic.
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple.
This area was first settled by the Dutch more than two hundred years ago.
The rescue worker went into the disaster zone with a helicopter to save people.
When acid comes in contact with metal, it causes a chemical reaction.
Why do you arrange your meetings behind closed doors?
Members of the public and other visitors may use the central library in order to gain access to material not easily available elsewhere.
"I will not press you, nor can I really, but at least lend me your book." "Take it, use it as you please, but do not abuse it." "Theres nothing to worry about here."
Although his pet spider was big, hairy and ugly, Dan always called it "my beauty."
"Fear not," he cries, "Troy's glory yet shall gain / some safety."
As soon as the play was over, the Director went to the kitchen, where a fine big lamb was slowly turning on the spit. More wood was needed to finish cooking it.
He is a young man passionate for good design, games, software, art and people.
The man's skull had been shattered by a blow from a poker delivered from behind.
Berlin is a symbol of union between East and West.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
Look, I got a flower tattoo here on my belly.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson divided his men into teams, each with its assignment.
Just after putting away the dishes, Joan heard the doorbell ring.
Shakespeare, whose plays are world-famous, lived some four hundred years ago.
Uh oh, I saved over it.
They were terrified once they were told they were assigned as partners for this mission.
This electronic toilet comes with all sorts of bells and whistles.
He's trying to muscle in on my territory and get a piece of the action.
Human society is a function of all humanity, those who profit most from it should pay the most for the benefit they gain, of course being greedy, they just want more.
War doesn't bring on peace; on the contrary, it brings pains and grief on both sides.
A rat is a small animal with long, pointed teeth and a long tail.
Huh? Oh, I'm sorry.
George revealed the most intimate details of his relationship with Mary.
I'm not a racist, but they're coming to steal our women and rape our jobs. I mean, rape our women and steal our jobs.
Two copies of the current agreement were printed and will be signed by the two sides.
At present a very great number of people are seeking to participate and, depending on circumstances, up to a month ahead is fully booked.
George walked down the path, whistling a happy tune.
He said that he had no idea that his partner was a corrupt cop.
"It's pool-season from this week, isn't it?" "Oh yes. I've gotta go and buy a swimming suit, then."
"Let's see, you're ... er, um ... M-" "You're wrong from the first letter!!"
The brain has a complex structure.
Believe me, that excuse ain't gonna fly.
The helicopter is so useful that someday it may take the place of cars and trains.
The traitor poisoned the master.
l am counting on you to help me with the arrangements for the party. Please do not let me down!
All the ladies were busy studying her clothes and head-dress, so that they might have theirs made next day after the same pattern, provided they could meet with such fine materials and able hands to make them.
This meant Florida had to count the votes again.
Its why weve launched a movement of women and men to fight campus sexual assault -- because its on all of us to stop it.
Whoa! Where did that come from?
Twenty-nine of the deaths occurred in a northern California fire that destroyed the town of Paradise and is still only 25 percent contained.
So, well, it's a bitter decision for the student council to make as well. Give 'em a break.
At the end of the year, Muhammad sends holiday cards to his relatives.
Recently T Mall has had a sales promotion on cell phones.
We're celebrating our diamond wedding anniversary next March, that's 60 whole years we'll have been together.
In spite of their various differences, Joan and Ann are friends.
All places are distant from heaven alike.
Ha - this work finished! Let's go to next stage!
Valentina sighs.
Charlie was exposed to a wide variety of music as a child through his mother's vast record collection.
The art dealer guaranteed the picture genuine.
Hmm!! This is good!
James's heart suddenly began to beat faster.
The three animals tried to help the old man, the monkey using its ability to climb to collect fruit and nuts, and the fox catching fish in the stream to bring to him.
Women use talking to maintain personal relationships.
The husband presents a more spiritual vision of religion.
Ooh! It took a weight off my shoulders.
I ordered steak and potatoes.
Joe likes to collect underground comic books.
I would like to have a toast for our dear friend, Michael.
"Hey! It's dangerous to run here." "Eh? ... A-a-Aaah!!" "Oh dear, what did I tell you?"
We have to win seven times in a row to win this tournament.
The education in that institute is simply pathetic.
Xiao Yu, this is Juan, and I am Juan's friend.
I know Adam is a buddy of yours.
Living life in the fast lane is like burning the candle at both ends.
To believe that an unexpected big fortune will come your way is to build a castle in Spain.
And when they had eaten, they said to him: Where is Sara thy wife? He answered: Lo she is in the tent.
The device fits in the palm of your hand.
The events that led up to her present fame are quite dramatic.
Rome, thou art a whole world, it is true, and yet without love this world would not be the world, Rome would cease to be Rome.
One hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, one thousand.
Tanks and planes may defeat the troops but they cannot conquer the people.
Poverty is not a bar to happiness.
Modern technology has turned the simple wheat plant into a toxic monster.
There has been a shooting in Las Vegas.
Are you having any difficulty breathing through your nose?
Leave the credit card at home. We must save!
Naomi fell in the orchestra pit during her performance and broke her arm.
In the meanwhile all the palace had woke up with the Princess; every one thought upon his own business, and as they were not in love, they were ready to die of hunger.
The relationship between the mind and the heart is much like the relationship between a castle's library and its master.
At night, Roger went to music clubs and drinking places where country and western bands played. These places provided him with a music education.
"But the master told you to." "I know, but I have something to read first; and besides, there is nothing that I wish to write just now."
I'm not moving to LA.
"Is it fine to change the channel?" "Mm, yeah."
The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in the year 1806.
Oh, by the way: Congratulations on your success!
Let us print the image of eternity on our life.
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you, and not in how good they are themselves.
We're gonna grab a drink!
There were 144 passengers and 6 crew members on board this plane.
I personally consider the death of an artist like Lou Reed tragic.
Mmm, but you must wait for me.
This movie is a tour de force.
"Look! Thanks to you I'm getting dumped all the time." "Oh? Isn't it just because of your everyday behaviour?"
Henry James was an American by birth.
She taught French in Italy before moving to Paris.
He received cheers and applause.
Aah, I'm somewhat angry!
Check this out, yo.
Great bait, mate, I rate eight out of eight.
Jami punched a hole in the wall after his team lost the grand final.
Neither the flowers nor the earth showed any sign of having been disturbed, nor were there any marks upon the narrow strip of grass which separated the house from the road.
Max looked into the mirror all the time he was talking.
Ow! Stop it!
What did they nick from you?
Our clinic is the leader in this sector.
Danny has no sense of beauty.
The idea that life similar to our own could exist on other planets is fascinating to me.
You have been such good children that I am going to send you to visit my granny, who lives in a dear little hut in the wood.
Shh, you're speaking too loudly.
The first photos of the Earth taken from outer space captured the imagination of an entire generation.
As Victor Hugo said, "there is nothing in the world more powerful than an idea whose time has arrived."
We went through St. Louis on the way to New Orleans.
We all knew that Bob was on a wild-goose chase after Marge, because she was already happily engaged.
This may be a silly question, but which is stronger - a tiger or a lion?
This mystery has a plot twist that's completely novel.
There was a sergeant that I particularly hated in the army.
Alex is for the most part just an ordinary bird.
Scotland becomes part of the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Roger slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
The population of China is larger than that of India.
This room's pretty awesome, eh?
We fired Jack because he was rude to customers.
Not a ray of light could reach the closet.
Suddenly, I raised my ears to the faint sound of footsteps coming from behind me.
It is the mouth that gives occasion for shame, and the coat of mail and helmet give occasion to war.
On the authority of my uncle's girlfriend, I claim possession of the last seven beers in this cooler.
Everyone gasps.
On the speaker's saying so, the audience burst out into laughter.
"Bring me a cup of coffee." "I beg your pardon?" "I want a cup of coffee." "How dare you talk to me like that?"
"Jacob, pick up all your dirty clothes. This is the narrator," said Eva. "Is there a narrator in here somewhere?" said Jacob, looking around.
The art of losing isn't hard to master.
The mountains will labor, and a ridiculous mouse will be born.
In order to keep our feet warm we had to shift from one foot to another and keep moving.
"This is the police. Would you mind coming down to the station?" "W-why?" "You can't think it's not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town?!"
Shut up. I'm on my holiday. All I want to hear is the bird's singing.
There seems to be little agreement as to how to preserve the evidence in such cases.
He carries himself with the majesty of a king.
I was given a nasty look when I asked for my prescription at the local doctor's.
Tommy is a nice man.
The article covers all the events at the fair.
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain.
The lawyer recommended his client to take legal action.
Billy and his father have had nothing to do with each other for nearly twenty years.
China is a sleeping tiger, but once it wakes up, it will shock the world.
A messenger reports that the enemy is approaching.
You can save energy by turning off the lights when you leave a room.
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
Always program as if the person who will maintain your code is a maniac serial killer who knows where you live.
With all due respect, I think it's bullshit.
Johnny moved to Spain just a few months ago, so he isn't used to speaking Spanish as yet.
Those folks are insane!
She made a mental note of that information, which she thought might be useful in the future.
Inspector Dan Anderson collected forensic evidence from the scene.
Oscar has been hanging out with a woman half his age.
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
Don't read evil intentions into the ordinary actions of people around you.
There were screams and groans.
What is the international vehicle registration code of Ireland?
Jack helped save me a few bucks by telling me about a cheaper place to buy one.
Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
Although the phrase "world peace" sounds attractive, the road to world peace is very long and full of troubles.
To prevent an invasion, the commander used to patrol the border at least twice a day.
Make a copy of your passport and leave the original in a safe at your hotel.
It's a great pleasure for Snow White to have a talk with Doc at morning coffee.
Yesterday I went to see Robert, whose father is a pilot.
Papa, I'm not joking! I'm pregnant.
The governor led the rescue operation.
The prince and princess made their way through the cheering crowd.
If you speak good Spanish, you should have no problem looking for a job... the trick is finding one!
There was once an emperor, very great and mighty, and he ruled over an empire so large that no one knew where it began and where it ended.
How are you, sweetie?
The quality of higher education must answer to the highest international standards.
Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong.
Grandpa and Grandma are now in heaven.
Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe.
If you want to feed your pet, you must treat it well.
Was that Laur's actual voice or did she lip sync the song?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and ten are numbers.
The detective questioned literally thousands of people about the incident.
Oh boy ... when they hang out with you for long everyone ends up picking up your bad habits.
Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
The company released a press release.
Amy walks to the station every morning.
Land ho!
Jami was a county sheriff.
Whoo! Today's practice is tough - much harder than usual.
Dig a hole here and put the gold pieces into it.
You're on thin ice, mister.
Ryan arrived just as we were leaving.
The detective found absolute proof of the man's guilt.
Aye, what a pity! I thought it would clear up finally.
Monica loves kung fu.
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social network.
Eric played a sweet tune on the piano.
Make peace with your past so it won't screw up the present.
Hey Robin, you aren't obliged. However, it's amusing, based on your opinion.
No one can be forced to give evidence against himself in court.
Ugh, the battery just had to die at the worst time.
The team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake.
Due to recent events, it is completely impossible for me to focus on my work.
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month.
Kate's dog was barking at Brian at the gate at noon.
Al is married to Betty's only daughter.
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job.
The child was feeding the monkey with the banana.
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
If you have hope, then you'll certainly find happiness, and will become a role model for others as well.
How am I gonna get started talking to this beautiful babe?
The living room furniture was modern in style.
For Pete's sake turn that music down!
I kinda have my doubts whether this shop will ever pay its way.
Americans are all heading north to the land of opportunity.
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
This is not the first time I had a mental block doing a job interview.
I have to shake hands with the President.
Bad thoughts give birth to bad actions.
Then he brought Simon to Jesus, who looked at him and spoke.
I want to eat soft serve ice cream.
Men are more likely than women to turn to risky behaviour when depressed.
Stay nice and quiet, okay, 'cos I'll be back real soon.
Get outta here dumb-ass.
A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.
"Jack, it's said you've lost your hearing aid." "Nope! I don't like Mexican food."
I bet Dave paid a pretty penny for his new car.
Jack's food lab invented a new cheese spread that contains no real cheese.
There was a mad rush toward the exit.
Santa lives at the North Pole.
At least one author believes that out of the world's 7 billion people in the early 21st century, perhaps 1.6 billion can speak English and the vast majority of those speak only basically.
The DA wants me to testify against George.
Charlie is the owner of the biggest ranch in these parts.
Controlled Access Zone: No entry without permission.
Alan kills women with his hands.
The farmer dug a hole so he could plant a tree.
Mr White called his assistant over and said the following:
"You should write a novel or something." "Nah, I don't think so. I can't see myself coming up with anything good, anyways."
Larry likes lobster.
Jacob has tested positive for cocaine.
Can you stop hiding in the toilet to play games?
When I was little, I wanted to have a pet brown bear to scare my neighbors.
And Adam said: This now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man.
The trail ahead looked rough.
It was obvious that those two women knew each other well.
Dan gave Linda a tour of his castle.
Although silver is precious, gold is more precious.
Oh, lord. There's been a terrible crash.
I beg your pardon, could you repeat what you've just said?
We could live quite well on my own fortune - it is too much - seven hundred a-year - I want so little - no new clothes - and I will learn what everything costs.
Jason was caught in the rain and ruined his new suit.
Dan had a life insurance policy worth six hundred thousand dollars.
Oh my gosh.
Application to his studies brought him excellent results in the final examination.
It's true that today women have more rights, but before they had more power.
In your arms my soul finds peace.
Please serve the guests some coffee, dear.
"Which is faster: a deer or a turtle?" "A deer is way faster than a turtle."
I'm dying to see you tonight in any event. Please come over by seven.
The clicking of high heels kind of hurts my ears. Do the people wearing them not notice?
To be able to explore and work in space, humans have to take their environment with them because there is no atmosphere to supply the pressure and oxygen necessary to support life.
Let's have a seat over there, Annie.
My robot won't stop beeping.
Have a proper funeral for the body so that the soul can reach to heaven.
"I was just on my way over to invite you to help me celebrate my birthday on Saturday," said Anne.
Grant was not an effective political leader.
Mark's car is called "Thunder Giant".
She taught me how to make a web site.
Kelly struck a match and put it to his pipe.
Old Mr Smith is saving as much money as he can.
Adam has turned off the master switch.
Santa Claus doesn't bring presents to naughty children.
The employees treat everything the company president says as a golden rule.
Two big powers have signed a secret agreement.
The members of the jury listened carefully to the attorney.
Save energy, be positive!
As much as I like you, I think you can be a total jerk at times.
Many soldiers of the regular troops train with the special forces.
I screwed up the very first note.
The witch hunt has begun.
All the wealth in the world is useless when death comes knocking on your door.
Dan was two thousand miles away when the murder was committed.
Arthur didn't stop talking to Jennifer.
Muhammad is a freak of nature.
The operation begins at dawn.
Bear: "It is a happy meeting, dear Leo, for I have not seen you in six whole months."
Oh, gods, my gods, poison, bring me poison!...
"Are you American?" "Texas." "Ohio." "Paul." "Ted. Nice to meet you."
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
They ordered two shots and two beers.
It's six degrees below zero.
One of the security guards is checking the rooms now.
With his bright red hair, Carl really stands out in a crowd of people.
To what do I owe the unexpected honour of finding you here in my house?
I can't tell whether it landed upside down, inside out, or backwards.
He whom the gods love dies young.
This song was written by Phil last year.
Tim's wife insisted on his taking her to Paris.
Here were fought many of the most desperate battles during the Civil Wars of the Roses.
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky.
Jenny washed the kitchen wall twice a year.
Climate change is the biggest threat that we face.
We chose Henry to be the captain of our team.
Daniel Day-Lewis is a multiple Academy-Award winner.
Jacob has to wear an ankle monitor bracelet while he's out on bail.
You use a glass mirror to see your face; you use works of art to see your soul.
I'm bleeding! Apply direct pressure to my wound.
That young actor is a James Dean.
Sunday is a holiday in Christian countries.
Rick and Carol broke up two months ago, but he's still carrying a torch for her.
Now after a long time the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel groaning, cried out because of the works: and their cry went up unto God from the works.
He has a new colleague. Her name is Claire.
Although I had twice taken a pair of pills, my headache did not go away.
Jim's parents agreed to his marriage with Susan.
Oliver lives in a tiny studio.
The prison guards will strike from midnight in three days.
heh... he's a fun guy, eh?
This law will rob us of our basic rights.
Why do women open their mouths when they apply makeup to their eyes?
The parts are connected by an iron rod.
You can't really figure out whether someone's a decent person or not based on their clothing.
Sleep tight, Sean.
True friendship is precious just because it's rare.
They sue companies that sell MP3 players without paying them.
Fred is always telling lies.
The team spirit was unbelievable, we were all in this together.
The rose is the national flower of this country.
My frightening tale is based on facts.
People usually find it very difficult to break the ice when they meet someone extremely attractive for the first time.
Dawn clears yesterday's dreams away.
James usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert.
The police say there's someone pulling string behind the scenes.
What kind of lame power is heart, anyways?
Oliver bought a chuck steak.
It was this morning that they went to see Mr. Carter.
Instead of throwing away your old furniture, why don't you give it to charity?
Jack ordered a bottle of champagne.
I'm gonna miss that uniform.
Josh asked me out, but I told him where to go.
A cab crashed into a train this Wednesday.
The dog lay panting after his long chase.
I scream for ice cream.
It was a very warm day when the princess went into the woods and sat down on the edge of the well.
Social media is growing in importance.
Heaven gives life to people and causes them to have all kinds of desires.
Hm, do you really want to know it?
The people on whom my destiny depends just turned away from me.
Since you have the highest score, you can proceed to the next level of the game.
To create more jobs and improve the economy, the U.S. government built roads that passed through beautiful parts of the country that had suffered during the depression.
Muhammad was staring straight ahead.
If you click here, you can access the files you want to read.
The president announced that the United States would put a satellite into orbit.
We'll also have to create a separate smoking section, won't we?
I came across some old family photos when I was cleaning out the closet.
He makes a religion of never wasting a penny.
Ahh, silly me, I've messed up again.
Karen's skirt is riding up.
I started chuckling.
Zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Water power turns the wheel.
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
Jamie dropped his mobile, but a girl found it.
All those bastards do is complain.
The average speed of the winds remained constant.
The police officer said he believes the suspect has a direct connection to the crime.
The clever doctor was able to cure the Prime Minister's illness.
A tiger is a beast of prey.
A mysterious creature attacked Oscar while he was in the woods.
She is chattering yet.
Don't waste money on clothes, Julie. Save money!
He fired at point blank range.
Fear of falling caused him to freeze.
The new model car was put through several tests.
The girl was pregnant before the priest could say Amen.
I'll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
If you are an alien, how come you sound like youre from the north? Lots of planets have a north!
This is one of Rome's most charming streets.
Amanda and Jason have dark hair.
You must respect senior citizens.
He claims to know what I meant, but he doesn't have a clue.
The magazine jumped the gun and reported on the scandal.
The newspaper reports the prime minister has died of cancer.
He deserves six of the best for being so rude.
Bravo, James!
For a guy who was chosen by his father as the only son to be taught the secrets of this martial art, he doesn't have much of a kick.
My niece is attractive and mature for her age.
The new situation makes it harder for the Indian government to combat the spread of the AIDS virus.
Both of your rear tires looks a bit low.
For a few moments, there was complete silence.
My dear Watson, said the well-remembered voice, I owe you a thousand apologies. I had no idea that you would be so affected.
Alex went to the county fair.
The actor who plays Jesus is quite handsome.
Even ill she looks gorgeous.
Present-day Japan is going down the route to self destruction, isn't it?
Julia buys a mirror and holds it before her eyes.
Our army attacked the kingdom.
Some Native Americans believe that spirits live inside of things, such as rocks, trees, the mountains, water or the wind.
Many birds can die due to a heat wave.
Willie accidentally let off his father's shotgun and made a hole in the wall.
Where is her royal highness?
The military has a very strict chain of command.
Hitler caused the deaths of more than fifty million people.
The organization is not connected with any political parties.
The campaign ends on Monday.
Is there Maggie's bag in the kitchen?
Would you mind giving me a hug?
His ambition was to break into television as an announcer.
A west wind blows over the fields.
There were hidden cameras everywhere.
Mummy, what is Santa Claus's address? I want to send him a letter.
His object in traveling to Paris was to meet with the President.
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life.
George lives in the Bay area.
I think she's the best crime writer to come along since P.D. James.
This book I wrote is complete trash, but trash sells.
He settled part of his estate on his son Robert.
Queen Elizabeth did not have any direct heir.
The gas tank suddenly blew up.
The Prime Minister could not continue after a vote of no confidence.
The soldiers were on the alert.
Betty has a previous conviction for theft.
Despite his weak faith, the priest blessed him.
In the special forces, they teach you a lot of military skills. You learn a lot of things, and you got to learn fast.
Do you always wear green on St. Patrick's Day?
They captured more than three hundred British trade ships.
Notice how the artist always included a small blond girl in a pink dress in all his paintings. That was his daughter Olivia who died at the young age of three, you see.
Tell me what you want. Do you want me to pass or you want to save fuel, like a duck?
I was guilty of a slip of memory.
It was a deadly sin, said Lucy, turning pale, to make a vow so fatal.
Hi fellas!
People often give fake personal information when setting up website accounts.
"Long ago, my dear," he said, "there was a maid who, like yourself, was beautiful and in the flower of youth."
For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
We need to have a chat in private.
A special task force managed to catch a suicide terrorist downtown, prior to him carrying out his evil plan.
You'd better put your cigarette out before Terry sees it.
The girls' chatter was endless.
Old people say that previously hot water was shut off all summer.
Gee, unbelievable!
My father had a thick leather belt that he beat us with.
There's a warm wind blowing from the south.
He has a naturally good memory.
Charlie keeps the garbage bags under the kitchen sink.
James and Monica's custody battle for their children was a long, drawn-out affair.
Why are you staring at me, demon?
It was pure coincidence that Jacob was there, too.
Water in a solid state is called ice.
In a sense, such a political movement may be called a revolution.
He got up enough guts to break the ice at the board meeting.
If you want to get a hold on your spending you should start by cutting up all your credit cards.
Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828.
The subtitles are wrong.
The delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm.
The captain ordered his men to gather at once.
He was gasping for breath as he ran.
It is believed that the festival comes from the South Pacific islands.
His appetite was tremendous: he soon cleared all the dishes, and ate enough to satisfy a dozen men.
This is Mr Miller's latest book, and we hope it will not be his last.
It has been 25 years since a major Hollywood movie company has released an English-language film with mostly Asian actors.
The swing is moving up and down.
The killer's identity is still unknown.
Those who are suffering from hunger in Africa need urgent help.
Pac-Man, when a certain condition is reached, can counter attack and eat the monsters chasing him.
The right channel on my tape deck went out.
Mr Johnson, president of the club, will soon come.
They made the pilot fly the Navy helicopter.
That species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
Blake loved to walk in the country round London.
I made a scary mask in art class.
Maria read the entire operation manual of 321 pages without stopping.
Molly and I went to the cinema.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
A slightly lower interest rate could save thousands of dollars over the life of a home loan.
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn?
Trust kills men and gets women pregnant.
If necessary, the government will force estate agents to reduce land prices.
A man who breaks his promises can't be trusted.
Six witnesses said they saw Jami cheating on the exam.
Incoming mail can be sorted by name, date, or title.
The Latin Quarter is a neighborhood for students in Paris.
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
This beef is so rare that a good vet could save it.
A poisoned cherry may kill a duke.
I collected my urine sample in a small, plastic cup and gave it to the nurse.
A cheer went up from the audience.
The British troops fought hard, but could not stop the Germans.
The wall was covered with pictures of gunshot victims.
The exact date of Jesus' birth is unknown.
No justice or freedom is possible when money always takes the crown.
Drop in, fella.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
The chances of dying from falling airplane parts are 30 times greater than the chances of being killed by a shark.
And you aint seen nothin yet.
Dan gave Linda access to his credit cards.
Oh no, my mobile phone battery's about to run out. I should have charged it while I was sleeping.
After the end of the first world war, when battle painting was no longer in demand, Jacob turned to nature.
On the 3rd of March, at around noon, an express letter was thrown into the entrance of my house.
Do you have separate accounts or a joint account?
The men who tried to steal the plane have been sentenced to death by firing squad.
Dan didn't miss any episode of that soap opera.
Joe went down to the basement and shut the power.
What are they whispering to each other?
Harry's name was called over the PA system.
David has never had a steady job, but he's always managed to make ends meet.
And he said: Lord, if I have found favour in thy sight, pass not away from thy servant.
Laur dedicated the song to her childhood friend, who passed away about 15 years ago not even reaching the age of 25.
One of the project's targets is having computers for women and children.
The tape is rolling.
I saw Roy and he asked me to pass this along to you.
And the father said to Joseph: Now shall I die with joy, because I have seen thy face, and leave thee alive.
It wasn't I, commissioner!
"Where have you come from?" "I come from below." "What business did you have there?" "I went for a pee."
If Jo doesn't want to tell you, I will not tell you either.
Massive stars are extremely hot.
People, like metal, only shine on the surface.
He was my comrade in arms.
You shouldn't pop your bubble gum in class.
At the tone it will be one hour, fifty eight minutes and forty seconds.
William was kidnapped by a local gang.
Charles is a British customer.
If you're going to burn an American flag, make sure you steal it instead of buying it.
This so-called "evil" is something that is thought up by minds who do not understand the dark self.
I doubt the police are going to bust Harry.
Bush doesn't want to make wars in order to control Central Asian oil.
He bought six bars of soap yesterday.
What would be your chance of answering this question right if you chose one of the following possibilities at random? A: 25%, B: 50%, C: 0%, D: 25%.
Judge Parker had no chance to win the election.
Jami has a scar on his wrist from when he tried to commit suicide.
Personally, I'm against political jokes. Too often they get elected to office.
The blast destroyed everything.
The army is protecting the border between France and Spain.
The day went by like a dream. Anne could never clearly recall it afterwards. It almost seemed as if it were not she who was teaching but somebody else.
Nature's balance is going to be upset everywhere.
Where is your teddy bear?
A great loss of human life was reported due to trigger-happy shooting.
The American Civil War is the central theme of the book.
Erm, may I stay here?
Margaret is called Meg for short.
The noon siren is blowing.
Warm greetings!
A rising share of women earn more than their husbands.
Practically mad with fear, I rushed out of the cabin.
He hung his cap on a nail.
Jay picked up the old scissors.
You can wipe your shoes with this yellow cloth.
Echo fell asleep next to his mother dreaming of the bat cave.
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety.
"Special forces might do a lot of things that regular troops wouldn't do" "Like torture?" "I won't answer this question"
William reached into his bag and pulled out a deck of playing cards.
Latin America isn't an endless communist jungle.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal alien.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
Isaac was a leader of the Jewish people.
Mr Wilson made us repeat the sentence several times.
Joe's dog started growling at Julia.
The trees have begun to bud.
A reward of 50 000 francs was offered for the return of the Mona Lisa.
I'm taking therapy for my hip.
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime, and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship.
Stephen King writes about evil people.
Fifth Avenue is an elegant street.
My liver is heavily damaged.
He is what is called a champion of justice.
There was a version of the King James Bible for the original Game Boy.
Suffering shared is half as painful.
And after many days, his mistress cast her eyes on Joseph, and said: Lie with me.
As I thought, Catherine is a beautiful girl after all.
Shut up, Albert, your theory sucks.
James Bond is not an actor.
Ali broke his fast with dates and water.
"Excuse me," said he, turning to Colonel Ross, who had looked at him in some surprise. "I was day-dreaming."
The characters in this movie are all complete idiots.
So all you need is good cheese and a jar of black cherry jam.
The monk is praying.
The Cold War may have ended, but the fear of war has not yet been removed from the minds of men.
Charlotte, what's this language?
These days, "the lion's share" usually means "the biggest share"; but not so long ago, it meant "all of it."
I tell ya, you're in deep trouble, my lad.
Who is Marcus visiting?
You must be Miss Kenny.
"Pardon me, where is the entrance to the dragon's cave?" "You don't want to go there."
Dan escaped from his cell through a tunnel.
Everybody respects Jeremy because he carries out all his responsibilities.
Lead is soft and heavy. Iron is hard and steel harder.
Excitement over the new product spread quickly throughout the division.
His cooking is of the classic French style that he studied in France.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
Pretending to be a friend, the man robbed old people of their social security checks.
The influence of this crime on society was great.
He was chatting with his friend Jesse Jackson about the meeting that night.
He walks seven miles a day on an average.
A women said: " let me go jungle and I'll leave you my cover".
Chris defeated the vampire knight!
You will save time if you adopt this new procedure.
"That makes it as clear as crystal," said the inspector.
In China, talented people are often described as "ten thousand mile horses".
He confessed his crime frankly.
Newspaper advertising works well for us because we get the best bang for the buck.
What brand of dog food do you feed your dog?
Please inform me of the plan ahead of time.
Jews are a people chosen by God.
Members of that tribe settled along the river.
Before the 15th century it was generally believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe.
Gross National Product is not the same as Net National Product.
How did Barbara do on her driver's test yesterday?
Japanese script seems easier on the eyes than Roman script.
"...Hey...Hey, teacher!" "Eh? Oh." "Are you really OK? Shouldn't you cancel the lesson?"
This seal can balance a ball on its nose.
This surveillance camera is our silent witness.
For example, the idea of marriage is a religious idea, a thing that comes from God.
You should handle the weapon as if it's loaded, although it's not.
He said that he pulled the trigger to save Charlie's life.
Shut your filthy mouth.
Tina was just her fellow prostitute.
Concentrate on your mission!
The ship is turning toward the port.
The maid was totally tired of her household routine.
That outfit is running a fly-by-night operation.
Confession is good for the soul.
On his approach, Chloe fled to the woods, ashamed and frightened to appear before so many strangers.
Dan is a retired deputy sheriff.
I felt ill at ease in the presence of the principal.
Lucas is a wise-ass.
John Wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of Japanese industry.
Only five instead of ten units were delivered.
George tried his best to cover his tracks so he could save face.
Yup! I'm going to give up cigarettes.
I want to be assigned to the vice squad.
Old age isn't pleasant.
Ordinary people possess enormous power.
Why are you afraid of Derek?
"How do you plan to proceed now?" "My client wants to testify." "And say what?" "That hes innocent."
If I were a bird, I could fly, but my worries would not be smaller  just different.
Mark was a work horse on his construction crew.
Thomas spent close to half his salary on cigarettes and alcohol.
Charlie is friends with Emma by association with Todd.
He had to commit crime because he was starving.
She lived at 56 Russell Square.
William raped the woman before shooting her in the head and leaving her body in the woods.
Do you know where Holly is?
Nail polish is useless: no one looks at nails anyway.
Jack taught me how to skip rocks.
The power plant supplies the remote district with electricity.
That was another impressive fall-flat-on-your-face ... Hey, you alright, Sophie? Can you stand?
Don't be such a social justice warrior.
I prefer thought to action, an idea to an event, reflection to activity.
The kidnapping scenario didn't make any sense.
It's legal for citizens to carry guns in many states.
You can't identify silence with agreement when you visit Japan.
Booth broke his leg when he hit the stage floor.
Miles Davis was an American jazz musician.
Ouch! I stuck my finger in the door!
Will you and Randy join us?
I cannot interrupt the manager. He's gonna fire me!
There are lots of presents underneath the Christmas tree.
What's your favorite Bob Dylan song?
The president's car arrived at the headquarters of the national intelligence service.
Many soldiers suffered terrible wounds in the battle.
The mayor's murder sent shock waves through the community.
I reckon it's time to wake Robert up.
Maria always whispers words of wisdom.
The police officer placed Oliver under arrest.
Jacob had a coughing spell.
Some people claim that there are no more heroes in the Western world.
Bob's really chip off the old block.
The bones remained frozen in the ice.
Doctors make such lousy patients.
What he said cast a chill on the gathering.
In severe cases, cracks can form or it can snap apart.
No problem. If X happens, we have Y as a backup.
Everything around him was blown to pieces, yet he escaped without a scratch.
Alex is a cooper.
So what if you show up and she's not there and then it starts to pour?
Tommy started a band with his chess club friends called "Bishop Sacrifice."
They buried those who had died in battle according to military tradition.
The United Nations officially recognized International Women's Day for the first time in 1975.
Dennis laughs at Wilson's round face.
He was cleared of all charges and released yesterday.
Would it be possible to replace a man's tooth with one from an animal?
Eva likes dogs, but not cats.
Hannah is a German citizen.
Instead of sending somebody on your behalf, you had better go and speak in person.
Goodbye, Ian.
The section chief said out of the blue: "Women and meat, I like them a little rotten".
It's a legal gray area.
Jessica was singing a song.
George used to sing in a punk rock band.
Brad doesn't know as many people here as me.
A crowd as big as that would leave tons of garbage on the stadium grounds.
James seems to have packed everything but the kitchen sink.
These diamonds are from South Africa.
Not knowing that Nancy had left him, I put my foot in my mouth when I asked Paul how she was.
Goodnight, ladies.
A telephone recording tells you what time the concert starts.
Wisdom is necessary to understand wisdom: music does not exist to a deaf audience.
Le Pen hates Arab people.
He found the cage empty and the bird escaped.
The bridge was destroyed by a giant robot.
Woo hoo! It's the weekend!
She is known as auntie at the office.
There was a half-eaten apple near the kitchen sink.
You are blessed, oh Lord, our God and God of our fathers, God of Abraham, God of Isaac and God of Jacob.
Do you like Earl Grey tea?
I gotta beep out what I really wanna shout.
Whatever the motive of these extraordinary crimes, robbery is certainly not one of them.
Santa Claus is dropping from the sky!
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theatre.
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.
Oh, Harry! This is great timing. There's something I wanted to ask you.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
The same cause often gives rise to different effects.
It is time to take effective action to ward off disaster.
Your mother is so fat, when shes in town, Rome has eight hills.
Having once landed the monster immediately jumped again and was over my head.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
The angels I pray to every night listen to my prayers.
I collect action figures.
Lies make us distance ourselves from others and prevent them from knowing what we feel and what we need.
We have really loyal repeat customers.
Today is April Fools, so I'm telling nothing but lies.
"In the meantime I wait in hope, but what if you have nothing left?" "I can tell you straight away that you will not be waiting in vain."
Your freaking grandfather nearly ran me over!
Michael is a male name and Michelle is a female name.
There was ease in Casey's manner as he stepped into his place; there was pride in Casey's bearing and a smile on Casey's face.
Military pilots are trained to take more risks than civilian pilots.
The Secret of Monkey Island is my favourite point-and-click adventure game.
Jacob G. Roberts is the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.
Are you the people from the CIA?
Dan believed that the hammer was the murder weapon.
Shut the hood.
I've always had complete confidence in your judgment.
How dare he complain?
Many stars shine in the heavens.
I'm a homicide detective.
They blocked the flow of water from the burst pipe.
Does genetic engineering improve nature?
Someone has been throwing beer bottles over the fence and into my back yard.
Not worrying about anything is the same as being dead, since worry is the movement of the soul, and life is movement.
There are rats in the kitchen.
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
Ellen was white with shock.
Sometimes, having a third party present can smooth things over and give the illusion that everything is alright.
Fantasy is based on reality.
The drawer is stuffed full of odds and ends.
My father is Li Gang!
I want a sub rosa investigation of the bodies.
Since I hadn't seen Martha for several months, I went to visit her yesterday.
The people were in a line to get the signature of the president.
Adam's biggest fear is marrying the wrong girl.
Does goodness charm more than beauty?
We must find the money, Madam Chairman, for the sake of the children.
One beats the bush, and another catches the bird.
When it sets off the bell rings, "ding-ding". Thus 'ding-ding-train'.
Jeez, what're you up to?
It's a relief not to have to deal with credit cards anymore.
No one knows whose corpse that was nor where it came from.
I'm sure he will reveal his true nature.
Jennifer has a good eye for beauty.
My head starts to hurt when I think about how annoying Chris is.
Did the host prepare a dessert for the guests?
My mission is to photograph the documents.
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
Gambling was by no means his only source of income.
The U.S. president's passport is black, not blue like an average citizen's.
From the tower you can look out across the plain spread beneath your eyes.
The most effective defense is offense.
China is the world's leading producer of rice.
Did you pack a first aid kit?
Have you tried putting up an ad?
We took some booze and started to blah blah.
Dan is Linda's ex.
They dug through mud and wet clay.
According to informed sources, ____ Ltd. is preparing for the move up to the first section of the Tokyo Stock exchange.
You're messing up with the wrong guy, babe.
Perhaps the feelings that we experience when we are in love represent a normal state. Being in love shows a person who he should be.
The fighter plane released its bombs.
It's a legal grey area.
A snake which does not shed its skin, dies.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
Ronnie's music and legacy live in all of us!
That popular television series is going to spin off two new shows in the fall.
It is not easy to commit dates to memory.
Jonathan ended up living in a small desert village.
Shooting from a low angle makes your legs appear longer.
We must cover the furniture before painting the walls.
Shut up, you moron!
Who will avenge the death of Karl?
Art exists so reality doesn't destroy us.
His brave action is worthy of a medal.
Muhammad came back from the kitchen into the living room with two bottles of beer and handed one of them to John.
He holds an extreme opinion on education.
She likes to chop wood.
You dont have to give money if you don't have some.
On social justice, Pope Francis always speaks with wisdom.
The president was nice enough to respond to my letter.
Elizabeth II is the Queen of England.
The current political situation is not very stable.
It's technically legal.
What did Malcolm X say?
I am a dancer by trade and I teach jazz dance.
Dan watched the video surveillance footage.
Our conclusion is based on previous studies into the problem.
George deserves a pat on the back.
It's two blocks north from here.
This area is as big as a football pitch.
The wheels were turning.
Let's have a Coke to beat the heat!
This is an instance of modern British life.
That hat matches the suit.
If you add lemon, it will become sour.
Joe and Caroline are looking after our dog.
Whenever I drink sake, I get a headache.
He felt the most divine joy that he had experienced since his birth.
Tommy was moaning.
The court was in session from eight in the morning to five in the afternoon.
There was complete silence. You could hear a pin drop.
Seven lucky dogs were chosen for the dog food commercial.
Alcohol can destroy the liver of a man.
The guy starts being on top of the girl and experiences his penis being soft.
Acid attacks metal.
I'm so sorry that Paul Walker died in a car crash.
Toby can't tell jokes.
The buzzing of insects is driving me crazy!
I got a taste for sake at the age of fifteen.
Tommy tried to sneak into the movie theater without paying.
Tommy is the owner of a liquor shop.
Robert had always dreamed of becoming a pilot.
They intended to drill for oil.
The prisoners are threatening to go on a hunger strike.
Oliver and John are fighting in the alley behind the bar.
"Let's play Hop Skip And Jump like me," said the little white rabbit.
We've got a bunch of useless junk we should get rid of.
Whenever you warn someone, and he does not wish to be warned, do not stop once you have begun if he is dear to you.
I wanted to see the soap opera, but he wanted to watch the football.
"I heard that George was dying." "Dying? He's alive and kicking!"
Japan's culture has deeply affected East Asia.
Tommy is an alpha male.
Oi you, that's too much of a rip off by anyone's count! 6:4 is more than enough. Of course I'm the '6'.
They sought to punish him for his crime but he escaped.
She's an excellent general surgeon.
"Does it seem so to you?" "Yes, because he has been in greater danger many times, but the Lord God has always protected him."
"What a fabulous creation can a woman be compared with?" "With a triple-headed snake. She speaks one thing, thinks another, and does the third".
Joe and I shared a jail cell last weekend.
His new movie earned him an Academy Award.
The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.
General Jackson failed to capture any Indians.
Harry is engaged to Ruth.
I try not to let my emotions influence my decisions.
People called Reverend Dan Anderson for his advice.
I just scored 15/15 on a review test for Unit II.
How dare you insult my mother's memory?
Olivia doesn't appear very much.
Artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up.
The police are questioning several suspects in this crime.
Maya and Chloe are friends.
Oliver sat down next to Alice on the sandy beach.
Lieutenant, my temper is shorter than my blade.
Could you please dig this hole a little deeper?
Yay! We're gonna win!
The former president of a certain association has been arrested on suspicion of breach of trust.
Every planet, except for Earth, was named for an ancient Roman god or goddess.
The monster literally had eyes in the back of its head. It was really creepy!
I bought a tie for Dan and I'll buy a scarf for Elena.
Miami is the largest city in Florida.
I only demand your complete loyalty.
Women - why do they want to go to toilet in groups? I don't get it at all.
DNA is a complex chemical that makes up a gene.
The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you are spirit and they are life.
Culture is like jam, the less you have, the more you spread it.
Now, in Latin there are twenty-three letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, x, y, z.
Adam is considering joining the army.
William slipped a note into Laur's locker.
His bearing was stiff and military.
I'm afraid I have internal bleeding.
How old was Queen Victoria when she got married?
Did he propose marriage to you?
And the Lord said to Aaron: Go into the desert to meet Moses. And he went forth to meet him in the mountain of God, and kissed him.
South Africa is the largest country in Southern Africa.
He never talked about the trauma he suffered as a child.
Why do humans fear monsters? They are the worst monsters in the world!
There are men who gain from their wealth only the fear of losing it.
The translation was nicely true to the original.
They went away on a second honeymoon for their silver wedding anniversary.
American Indians have a fair historical right to claim they got a raw deal from the government.
His firm was on the rocks in a brief space of time.
Happy New Year, Louise!
On Saturday I went to the zoo, and a monkey, who wouldn't stop screeching, pulled my hair.
I'm not going to play guessing games with you.
The Brown twins, both of whom got recently married, held a party.
This fighter jet is one of Russia's fastest weapons.
Although he's young, he has a grey beard.
The sirens are wailing.
Investigating the causes of cancer is very expensive.
I'd like to have a one-on-one session with the president to discuss our strategy going forward.
Margaret won the award for "Best Female Performance".
He checked that all the doors were safely shut.
Life is a series of choices.
I didn't know that Mr. Williams fought in the Vietnam War.
Jacob plays baseball like a pro.
Mr Brown belongs to the upper class.
She is attached to the general affairs section.
Caesar was informed about their arrival.
By the way, Alex is still wondering why the celebration of the Constitution Day of Russian Federation was canceled a few years ago.
The Rangers lead the way.
Her golden hair fell upon her shoulders.
The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life.
Art gives the chaos of the world an order that doesn't exist.
Someone stabbed Alex with an ice pick, but he's OK now.
Mass is a Catholic ceremony of remembering Jesus Christ by eating and drinking.
If it hadn't been for that anonymous tip, we would never have solved the case.
Canada has signed a trade agreement with the European Union.
The colleague whose husband is French has left for Paris.
He fell in love with the admiral's daughter.
Cool beans, later mate.
It would be true, if zero or more characters at the beginning of the string would match this regular expression.
Adam fights fights tooth and nail.
Then I walked upstairs to the dressing rooms.
The men entered the warehouse with their guns drawn.
There sure have been a lot of out of state plates here lately.
I'm tracking a buck.
Which has the biggest brain, an elephant or a person?
Natalie is sleeping, isn't she?
Who's Mr. Owen?
This is a picture of the Opera House in Sydney.
The birds jumped from branch to branch.
Oh my God! There is no objection in your kingdom.
Oscar might look the favourite after the first lap of this race, but it's early days.
The explosives were hidden in a trash bin.
Judging from current situations, this project will absolutely succeed.
When we were on the way to pick up Monica, we saw something frightening.
What a terrifying city. There's no bridge out there, all the old buildings are crushed. These men or... human beings, I don't know... They destroyed all the great buildings. So ugly.
Nicole was beside herself with grief when she heard the news.
I do not fear terrorists but those who want to make us fear terrorists to be able to reduce our freedom.
I landed him a blow on the chin.
One must never place a loaded rifle on the stage if it isn't going to go off. It's wrong to make promises you don't mean to keep.
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with conflict by peaceful means.
Don't forget to put the cap back on the soda bottle so it doesn't go flat.
Alice gives Alex a back rub every evening.
Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman.
The musician beat his drums loudly.
Our local TV station does a pretty good job of covering local news.
Won is used in both North Korea and South Korea. Its symbol is "".
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.
Our survival depends on finding drinking water soon.
Eh, you two came back here while sharing the same umbrella. I smell love in the air.
"Superman" is showing at the movie theatre this month.
This is the first volume of a series on modern philosophy.
Wendy, I'd like you to meet my brother Sam.
Our mission statement is to shelter the homeless, feed the hungry, and heal the sick.
This museum has a magnificent collection of modern art.
The Julian calendar was in force in Russia.
Philip hates traveling for away games. He always gets really tired and never plays well.
He has a New Jersey accent.
In general, children are fond of candy.
The ship's captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal.
He taught them how to sail ships.
Han shot first!
My friend Alexander speaks Spanish.
Jason, who was in charge of the project, was dismissed for corruption.
Why does your dog receive checks in the mail?
The company is operating under joint Sino-Japanese management.
"You've bought yourself a new flat? Where do you live now, then?" "At the end of the world. It doesn't even have a tube station."
It doesn't snow the whole time through in Russia and there are also no bears running in the streets.
The writer is living in a log cabin.
Instead of putting the car into gear, she put it into reverse, causing a great deal of damage to the store-front.
East China has appropriate conditions for wheat culture.
There are lots of things in that shop, for example, games, toys, and flowers.
In American money, a "quarter" is 25 cents; 4 quarters make a dollar.
He is really putting the squeeze on me.
Great buildings, like great mountains, are the work of centuries.
Thousands of people sleep rough in the freezing cold.
Take the blessing which I have brought thee, and which God hath given me, who gives all things.
Pan is a monkey that can spread butter on bread.
I had already told you that Marco lies more than he speaks.
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents.
The three gunshot victims are in critical condition.
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
Muhammad was fired for constantly being late to work.
China is the second most important global power.
Bees always buzz near the kitchen window.
Giving advice to him is like talking to a brick wall.
The clan ended in seventh grade.
Jack works at a super secret government facility.
Better to extend an olive branch than launch a missile.
This isn't a ram, it's a goat!
There used to be a statue of a lion at the gate.
He is acting like Nelson tonight.
Leaders serve society.
"For the international language, the basic foundation represents that material which was, for every modern language, at the beginning of normal written literature."
Military law was declared in some areas.
Paris is called the City of Lights. Many beautiful buildings are lit at night.
The first seven games were drawn.
The boys were banging about upstairs.
The final proposal will be announced sometime next week.
He met Sammy Davis, Jr. on his way home.
His speech has a positive influence on all the colleagues.
Teachers shouldn't have these types of conversations with their female students.
The Red Cross gets help to disaster victims without delay.
Her personal problems became his burden.
I came awfully near giving up.
Julia covered her shoulders before entering the church.
Can I use a credit card for payment?
She sat on a bench, humming an old melody in a low voice.
However, controls and paperwork should be focused on where they are really needed.
His testimony stands on facts.
Do you get me? Understand? Dig? Are you hip?
Apparently, they're trying to patch up their marriage.
Do you know of a good motel in the area?
Marriage is a dinner that begins with dessert.
Once selected to join the astronaut corps, training begins at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas.
William is obsessed with model trains.
I would never betray my partner.
A pool begins with many drops of water.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
The year after, the second sister was allowed to mount up through the water and swim about wherever she liked.
The man washing the car is Mr Jones.
I saw Christine here yesterday.
The fear we felt at the earthquake was beyond description.
I get depressed thinking that a guy like our boss can have ultimate power over us.
The customer's complaint was about a sensitive issue.
The cowboy quickly jumped out the window.
Ask me no questions, dear Henry, said his unfortunate sister; there is little more can happen to make me either glad or sorry in this world.
The cabin was torn to pieces by the storm.
It can sometimes be difficult to find out where an oil leak in a car engine is actually coming from.
The verdict was a bitter pill to swallow.
Only vodka from Russia is genuine Russian vodka!
Violent fires soon burn out themselves.
I thought that you were a baron.
Lake Chad continues to shrink.
Please, I beg of you, do not use the phrase "stone-cold sober" ever again in any song lyrics.
Flip over your card.
Our country is rich in marine products.
There are six pages in chapter two.
Chicks'll dig me!
Jami was listed as MIA.
Welcome to the world of drag racing.
How did you manage to stay under the radar for so long?
West Berlin would remain free of Soviet control.
The power cuts damaged the computer.
Anna is an assistant editor, isn't she?
Mr Brown has a magical way with children.
His latest works are on temporary display.
I have no good way to tell you this, but a terrible tragedy, which will affect the entire course of our future lives, occurred about half an hour ago on the southern part of Route 4.
I will marshal a fair amount of scientific data to support my argument.
I bid you greetings.
James handed over his credit card.
Your fingerprints were found on the murder weapon.
The analysis gives the following results.
I was gonna go shopping tomorrow, but I really can't be bothered.
Have you heard of the rage of the Son of Heaven?
How can I desert the fleet?
Now everyone has an Irish accent?
Doctor Burns, what should doctors do when a patient's brain is badly damaged?
Pierre dealt cards to all the players.
I walked softly for fear of waking the baby.
The employee asked for the all the members rise in pay.
Lauren looks as if she's got a headache.
He chose art over booze.
"Where's your mom, Jami?" "She's out shopping with my sis."
This project turned out to be a tough nut to crack.
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.
Jacob granted freedom to one of his slaves.
The power to question is the basis of all human progress.
Nowadays marriage is not necessarily a must for women.
My name is Ivan.
After three hours in the casino, he's $2,000 in the hole.
The only way to achieve great things in life is to first leave your comfort zone.
I'm sticking holiday photos all over the wall.
Mr. President, my name is Khan and I am not a terrorist.
An individual with an annual income of more than 15 million yen is required to file his or her final tax return in March.
I'm not able to repair my car. Although I play characters that can do that.
Janet was seeking for fame in the world of show business.
He tests engines every day.
The gods of a falling religion become the demons of a rising one.
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
They named the baby Graham after their uncle.
Public opinion plays a vital in the political realm.
You can't go inside a lost temple without your hat and whip!
They also teach that, for great sins, they cannot receive forgiveness unless they confess to their leader.
Although the web looks soft and delicate, it is strong.
The next instant Hercules caught hold of the monster.
The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you.
Phase one is complete.
I want to watch either a comedy or an action movie.
Charlie is a dive master.
Many men have larger breasts than women.
Dear comrades!
Gabriel is only one of the angels of God.
The player put an easy smash into the net.
Plants and animals require more sunshine than is generally supposed.
Oliver is a dope.
If you touch an animal or plant, touch it gently.
Circumstances do not permit me such a holiday.
This river is shallow enough to wade to the other side.
Dr Mason placed his work above everything.
I don't dig modern jazz.
He was caught by an undercover police officer.
The man carried a rabbit wrapped in a towel in his arms.
The fan is making a whirring sound.
The basic design of the humble paper clip has not changed in over one hundred years.
Let's make a giant public fund and see how long it takes for the politicians to steal it.
Have you read one of Sam Harris's books?
You have to have an audition before you can join the choir.
I need a bike pump.
Diane is your half-sister too, George.
My biggest weakness is spending money on shoes.
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary.
Thousands of people went to see President Lincoln.
The tongue wounds more than a lance.
Charlie coughs a lot.
The President signed the executive order.
The strike brought the city to a halt.
People punish petty thieves but love big thieves.
Bill is en route to New York.
This teacher goes by the name of "Pops."
The surface gravity on Mars is more than a third of Earth's.
Large countries shouldn't interfere with smaller countries.
Mario failed to save the princess.
There are many absurd things in this world, but peanut butter is not one of them.
His post is merely a huge con.
I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, of all things visible and invisible.
She kisses her child a hundred times a day.
Tommy's off on an exotic island somewhere, living the life of Riley.
We've reached the point where a street hooker is explaining how to make something of yourself!
Once the complaining starts, it never ends.
Can I call you Eli?
This is an East Asian concept -- it's a little tricky to explain in Spanish.
Without proper radiation protection, humans can't venture out in deep space.
The Board of Directors aim is to make decisions regarding business affairs of the company.
If your stomach growls in the middle of a test, that's pretty embarrassing.
Julia is upstairs packing, isn't she?
You stink to high heaven.
Dammit, I've been ninja'd again!
Yesterday I met Christina.
According to tradition, Homer was blind.
Everything around is white, and looks like a sheet of ice, covered with snow.
The doors wouldn't open, so I had to get into the car through the boot.
Without knowing what may happen tomorrow, I live in permanent fear.
Im assuming you could speed through your testimony just to keep up with our schedule.
Of course there were several hundred boats moving around on the water but not just any old one would do.
Ellie loves that poet. She knows many of his poems by heart.
Jami and Julia bought their grandson a bike for Christmas.
Muhammad and Julia found it difficult raising six kids on one income.
The army use civilians as human shield.
A person's beauty is their conduct in society.
Could you take the luggage upstairs?
This Wednesday I'll see Carla.
Can you see the menu bar at the top of the screen?
I am in San Diego and you guys need to come visit me!
"Mom, can I buy me an ice cream?" "No way, because if I let you, it will spoil your dinner."
Members of parliament deserve immunity and a paid salary to guarantee their independence.
Maybe you need to have felt love to properly recognise friendship.
Jacob will be heading back to Australia after this project is completed.
The details of the agreement were worked out behind the scenes.
Hiya, kiddo!
She is putting some salt in the potato soup.
We should respect our ancestors.
We should consider moving to a safer location.
The brain was not like the liver or the lungs.
Daisy Hamilton was a private detective.
She was so focused on making her marriage work.
Seems like every problem we manage to solve requires a greater genius to correct the damage the solution had caused.
The president of the republic is chosen by the people.
On February 14 Americans celebrate St. Valentine's Day.
He proposed to his girl friend with a ring he had stolen from a local jewelry.
No one really understands the grief or joy of another.
James, meet your new nanny.
Greetings, sire. The desert awaits you.
That would be putting the cart before the horse.
He yells at people all the time.
The police didn't find any evidence related to who the shooter was.
They kept the information about the military operations a secret.
Israel is the Jew among the national states!
A galaxy is a huge collection of gas, dust, and of stars and their solar systems.
The trees grew quickly, and their shadows covered everywhere.
It is not appropriate for us to hang about or gossip here while we are waiting for the master.
Mark is quite an ordinary bloke.
Oliver sat at the bar drinking with his buddies.
There was a water mill below the dam.
To be frank, I think this 'conspiracy theory' is nonsense.
Seth ate chocolate and I, peanut butter.
The groom left the bride standing at the altar.
Their envy was directed toward her beauty.
I saw Dana.
Spencer's attitude drives me nuts.
Olivia spread false rumors about Alice.
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
I rose once in a while and went to the window, but could see no one to whom the pale face could have belonged.
The sight filled me with fear and terror.
Evan is just a little boy. How should he know what to do?
Mr Ford is what is called a self-made man.
Bring me some bread, butter, ham and cheese.
The mayor declared that he would announce the result of the investigation.
Yang doesn't like my friend.
Oscar beat Margaret to within an inch of her life.
The thunder made a loud, rumbling sound nearby.
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
Tommy used a bug net to collect bugs.
Please scan the diary for clues.
Tomorrow's dress rehearsal starts at one o'clock.
The poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
Ruby asked me to feel her hands and they were as cold as ice.
And then, he chased the cattle, the sheep and everyone out of the temple.
Dan knocked Linda unconscious and dragged her to the basement.
I searched high and low for my lighter but couldn't find it.
Jack took the sheets off the bed and put them in the washing machine.
TV stations broadcast the event.
You can't judge a person based on clothing.
Detective Dan Anderson took Linda to the station for further questioning.
European civilization had its birth in these lands.
Those women are cold-blooded killers.
Don't fear a knife, but fear a fork - because one stab can make four holes!
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
Today, there is a climate of relative peace in the south-east.
Scientists continue to discover new drugs, so there is still hope for people in coma.
Corporal punishment is still allowed in many countries.
But Noah found grace before the Lord.
She's with a government bureau, isn't she?
Barney was wounded seriously.
Where's Tara?  She's taking a shower.
The government is trying to develop solar energy.
The new secretary types faster than the old one.
Santa Claus is usually drawn as roly-poly. He is almost never skinny.
They arrested Tommy for disturbing the peace.
Doctors take an oath not to harm anyone.
The detectives found no other evidence.
The cemetery needs to be moved to a new location south of the town.
Charlie hit a speed bump going a little too fast and lost control.
The rest of the personnel were fired without notice.
The sun was shining in all its splendid beauty.
Stop right there, you criminal scum!
The angry mob attacked the building.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
Rex was a monster of a dog.
My lights are on full beam.
He proved that actions speak louder than words.
Tracy has a house and a car.
Japan entered into an alliance with France just before the war.
I'll pick up the photographs at six o'clock.
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
I miss Benny Hill.
The way of speaking identified the various social classes.
Harry put a half-eaten candy bar in his underwear and then ran out of the cabin, screaming for the camp counselor.
The leader ordered the troops to retreat.
He produced a rabbit out of his hat by magic.
My son's rubber duck is yellow.
She inspired fear and respect.
In short, it is because the 'plan.doc' file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
Monkey Bingo is the exciting new way to play bingo.
The autopsy results suggested that she died due to a heart problem.
Clark Kent is the hero of the Superman stories.
I'm very good at keeping secrets. My sister told me she's keeping a diary, and I haven't told anybody! Um... Oops.
Everyone has seven fingers and three toes.
My brain says no, but my gut says yes.
A wooden bed is better than a golden coffin.
Surely one shouldn't knock ash from your cigarette out the car window.
The country kept faith with her ally.
Debbie! Do you hear me?
His illness caused her great misery.
Sebastian has been married for three days already.
"I have my eye on a suite in Baker Street," he said, "which would suit us down to the ground. You don't mind the smell of strong tobacco, I hope?"
This is the final lecture of the series.
Pam doesn't use the word "drive", however.
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
The volume at the gig was ear-splitting.
Yesterday Eva was sentenced to two years eight months in jail for investment fraud.
She fooled me into giving her the money.
Goodbye, Bob and Nora.
I'll pay the bill as soon as I stop taking heroin.
The delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel.
The ice is two inches thick.
If everyone shouts at once, we won't be able to hear what the Prime Minister has to say.
Proper praise stinks.
Include two recent colour photos with your application.
A thousand years from now man will still be sighing, Oh! Life is so hard! and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
Please don't lean out of the window when we're moving.
In addition to a thick fog, there was a heavy swell.
People physically assault you to steal your money.
As a boy, Franklin dreamed of moving to the United States to become an astronaut.
Before David arrived, Samantha started to set the table.
Mars is red because of rusty iron in the ground.
For a rough branch, a keen axe is needed.
Marriage is a commitment.
Carmen's tattoo reads, "No gods, no masters!"
Gina was starting to feel flattered.
Oliver wanted to find a doctor who would treat his gunshot wound without reporting it to the police.
She gives elements to understand what is being said.
Jacob is honking his horn.
I charge a flat fee of 2,000 dollars per weekend for my services.
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April fifth or sixth?
I carried the heavy bags back from the store chanting yo-hee-ho all the way home.
Heather goes to school at eight o'clock.
The marriage must be reported in a document in Japan.
Robin is really adorable when he sleeps.
What happened to Megan Fox?
The balance of nature is very vulnerable.
The pop idol was really quite learned and remained a virgin until death.
The teacher was picking on me specifically.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Cursed be he that moves my bones.
Yes, it's true I've forgotten the world. Who cares about it but you? Luckily, you're there to save it!
Take counsel with a man who is wise and of a good conscience.
Teenage boys love playing video games.
The cannon went off by accident.
His crime deserved the death penalty.
Suddenly he spotted me.
It was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error.
Why do women want to sleep in a man's embrace?
The plant sends out a spike on which the flowers grow.
What is thunder? It's Satan's laughter.
The man with whom she is talking is Mr Allen.
The boat was broken by the floating ice.
"Oh. You're alive?" "Yes. Where is everyone?" "Dunno."
Have a good day, hon.
I felt relieved when my plane landed safely.
Walt gives nothing to his family after his death.
Middle Eastern oil prices jumped by five dollars per barrel.
Do you know anyone who's been a victim of identity theft?
The child offered a flower to the visitor.
They marked the damaged goods down by 40%.
The store that offered Tommy a job is located a few miles south of Boston.
The police planted evidence at the crime scene.
Be careful what you say, Andrea; the walls have ears.
The purple bicycle costs less than the yellow.
Their excuses cut no ice with her.
President Pierce finally agreed to sign it.
The marriage feast continued for three whole days.
Some young women are attracted to gang members because it looks exciting to them.
If we consider the nature of our condition here, we must see there is no occasion for such a thing as revealed religion.
No cure for the common cold exists, but the symptoms can be treated.
Charlie's father is a brilliant actor, but in real life he's a crashing bore.
After, cook it on a low flame for 30 minutes and you're done.
It produced strange visual effects.
Stuart handed me a piece of paper with an address written on it.
Thank you, Rosa and Clara, for our party.
Growing children should not always be handled with kid gloves.
Oliver is a psycho.
How old were you when you stopped believing in Santa Claus?
A return ticket to Leon, please.
His latest works are on display at the square.
"UN" stands for "United Nations".
I have news! Melissa is pregnant.
If I had got a penny each time Donald said something stupid I would have own a fortune of more than a million dollars.
Oh, I can't put on my red skirt because it's in the wash.
Olivia counted the remaining money in her bag.
Joe posted a picture of himself on social media.
The embassy is located next to the Supreme Court.
She moves like a queen and shows that she has rhythm in her blood.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
He was like a ninja hiding behind one of our cars!
Paul's success was a myth.
I am highly honored by the presence of the president.
Look, if push comes to shove I have no doubt she'll pull rank on you to get her way.
Tommy and Susie signed their marriage certificate.
This is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it.
The boys are being kept away from family members to prevent them from getting an infection.
He assumed an aggressive attitude toward me.
Yesterday the alarm clock didn't go off and Kurt didn't wake up.
Could I have a scotch on the rocks please?
He planned to seek a master's degree in international relations.
The fear of failure is one of the most common fears in the world.
The 456 billion dollars spent in the Iraq war could provide one year's free education for every child in the world.
The lights went out, and we had to take candles everywhere.
I wouldn't dare to touch that frog.
He placed great belief in his assistant.
My nose is really stuffed, so I can't smell anything coming from the kitchen.
The person whose name was on the passport was described with words.
Jacob started whimpering.
My friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit.
Who is filming?
The sum of two plus three plus four is nine.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen clean.
No schools for the deaf existed in that era.
Seal the vault.
Heaven forbid!
The aircraft cabin holds two hundred and fifty people.
You just realised how awesome I am!
They were exposed to the enemy's gunfire.
For fear of the newspapers politicians are dull, and at last they are too dull even for the newspapers.
James's a polite, kind, and self-effacing chap, who you wouldn't hesitate to introduce to your parents.
The fry does not need to be taught to swim.
Don't expose the tapes to the sun.
Jack heard sirens approaching and ran off.
The cargo was stopped at customs.
He rules the country with an iron fist.
This site contains content not suitable for persons under the age of 18.
He's a sucker for beautiful women.
I try not to get too involved in the games I watch on TV, but I always end up in a bad mood if my favorite team loses.
Jack handed Carmen a thick gray envelope.
The criminal is not Bob, but his twin brother.
I'm getting fed up with social justice warriors.
There are no three things in the world: a cover for the sea, a ladder into the sky, a cure for love.
You look in the mirror and feel like a shitty person.
One of the duties that come with age is that of making the most of time: the less time we have left, the more precious it should be.
These turtles are not native to California.
He took Connie for my sister.
In this day and age, not too much surprises me.
The commander was roaring at his soldiers.
That folk singer is very popular with people in general.
She's a jewelry designer.
Emma has a ton of old dresses to give away, about ten of which have never been worn.
With a weak beat, it continues to bleed.
Mr. Curtis, won't you please sit down again?
They worried about increased political tension in Asia.
And there is one more method of climbing up to the slide deck.
I could hear birds chirping outside my window.
The captain decided to send out a scout.
The dragon is attacking our army.
Dorothy should study art in Paris.
Adam is losing his grip on reality.
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword.
Tin is a soft metal.
It's surprising to know that your school starts at 8:30 and ends at 3:30.
Jacob seems to be extremely paranoid.
The soul of such a man is likely as tender as silk.
He fled his native country and was granted political asylum in Canada.
The traffic warden was extremely rude.
Tommy quickly rose up the corporate ladder.
Refer to the serial number whenever you call for technical assistance.
We heard what sounded like gunshots.
My credit card was stolen on the subway.
We would like a kitchen with plenty of storage area.
You are waiting in vain if you think that one fine day you will wake up and your soul mate will appear in front of your eyes.
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.
Mick named the baby Richard.
She twisted evidence.
There is a mysterious cycle in human events. To some generations much is given. Of other generations much is expected.
Signing off, gonna take a shower.
Three women and a goose make a market.
Jami plays bass guitar in our band.
I just wish I was a rich American and could spend my summer at a hotel and wear jewels and low-necked dresses and have ice cream and chicken salad every blessed day.
"I like Andy Murphy's movies." "But mom! It's Will Smith." "Who?"
We expect you and your workers to fully cooperate in the investigation.
Too many young girls are starving themselves to look like the models they see in magazines.
You should observe the speed limit.
The prime minister already voted in his city of residence.
I do not take kindly to those who abuse their power.
So the men took the presents, and double money, and Benjamin: and went down into Egypt, and stood before Joseph.
I would be honored to give you a showing in my gallery.
This old man has age spots on his skin.
I ran into Bernard yesterday in a restaurant.
The family had grave doubts regarding the explanation they got from the army.
Oh geez, I'm not sure, but I think I ate too much.
Try to investigate in depth the cultural values your text brings into evidence.
He will struggle to graduate if he does not make progress.
The President had the power to save the men from execution at the stroke of a pen.
Sandra offered me her seat on the train.
The role of politics is not to avenge what has happened, but to ensure that it doesn't happen again.
He was found guilty of handling stolen goods.
The reporter filed his story just before the paper went to press.
The kitchen table was bare except for a bowl of fruit.
"Look over there, daddy, a shark!" "That's a whale, William."
The police officer fired a blank.
Therefore, for the glorious God, you must accept each other, and accept Jesus Christ in the same way.
I have a hot tub.
If in the first act you have hung a pistol on the wall, then in the following one it should be fired. Otherwise don't put it there.
She liked men, if truth were told, a tiny wee bit more than women.
They saw Pedro talking to the art teacher.
The dog is destroying the furniture in our house.
Your threats don't scare me at all.
"Oh my God! What kind of laugh was that?"  "Oh, nothing serious! Monica is practicing how to laugh like a witch for a play."
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
Your role will be to direct this project to its conclusion.
Your chances of dying while filling out your lottery tickets is greater than your chances of winning.
What rascal dared to break the door to the royal room?
This oil well has been sucked dry.
The mafia let him in on their plans to knock off a rival gangster.
Dan attempted to destroy evidence.
Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o'clock.
Hope, not fear, is the creative principle in human affairs.
When you see a butcher shop ahead of you, turn left.
Men are foolish, are they not, Mademoiselle?
Entry is strictly for staff only.
Are you not ashamed of yourselves, you bold girls, to run after a young man in that way over the fields? Is that good behaviour?
Magic: The Gathering is a board game.
Supply of oil from the Middle East may be disturbed.
I'm so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it.
This time I stayed for the first time in a private villa, and it was really quite something.
The train driver told police that he tried to apply the brakes, but they didn't work.
She got a slight burn on her hand while cooking.
This is poor quality brandy.
Charlie lost his appetite due to the heat wave.
Gay and lesbian people should have their rights, shouldn't they?
The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Who's the gorgeous girl I saw wandering around in the mall with you?
These are the generations of the heaven and the earth, when they were created, in the day that the Lord God made the heaven and the Earth.
The governor's speech was published in the magazine.
How has marriage changed your perspective in life?
Anyhow, he may now be in Paris.
They're a bunch of losers.
This shop deals in women's clothing.
My little sister and I used to play tag a lot. We would chase each other, and the one chasing would try to tag the one being chased and yell: "You're it!"
My name is Edward, but everyone calls me Ned.
You're a creep, Mister!
Madrid, the capital of Spain, is a marvelous city.
If you can't lick 'em, join 'em.
Coal, natural gas and oil are the remains of plants and animals that lived millions of years ago.
When their leader died, they placed his body in a large tomb.
Many politicians are believed to accept hush money.
He made a crash test dummy of himself.
I know that you meant well when you gave me that suggestion, and I'm offering advice to you in the same spirit.
In addition, we will issue the 'employee of the month' award afterwards.
Oscar always seemed depressed until he started seeing a therapist.
Dan admitted that when he rolled Linda over, he was under the influence of marijuana.
Harry is a forest ranger.
After all, Stella was the only person who had the ham.
The road up ahead is blocked by fallen rocks.
They loaded the trucks with emergency supplies for the earthquake victims.
Emma works as a waitress at a local cafe.
The princess was captured by an evil wizard.
Fortunately, we've never had an oil spill.
Linda has vanished and no one really knows with whom she ran off.
In general my friends call me Freddy.
When he was faced with the evidence, he had to admit that he was guilty.
People know how handy you are to have around. You're a real jack-of-all-trades but make sure you don't turn out to be master of none.
Mr Brown is in the sunset of his life.
Love is what gives joy to all creation.
From my room in Brooklyn I can see all the way to Manhattan.
Have you heard from Freddie?
His respect for him, with the passage of time, became love.
Who will see Vera will love her.
I'm not sure if that was meant as a compliment or as an insult.
He gave an interesting broadcast about modern art.
Have you ordered the feed for the chickens?
Er, I can only drive cars with an automatic transmission.
The prey dies once, while the hunter dies every day.
"I must apologise for the state of things" has ended up becoming quite a polite expression these days, hasn't it?
This puzzle is giving me a headache.
This database has a data integrity issue.
Flower arrangement is a traditional art in Japan.
I wonder why women don't go bald.
It's freezing in this room, Cindy. I can't put up with this cold.
He entered the national high school boxing championship competition.
This fact proves her innocence.
Belief in God is not evil per se.
You're dressed like a prostitute. Go upstairs and change.
Who is Rory?
This is a work from Turner's mature period.
There are things that only intelligence is capable of searching for, but which it itself will never find. These things can only be found by instinct, but it will never search for them.
She asked me if I have a web cam.
I finally realized that vampires exist.
Becky is by far the best nurse in the whole hospital.
She had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter.
William works at the Ministry of Culture.
They tortured the prisoner first and then killed him.
The island is six times the size of Manhattan.
Who's pulling the strings behind the scenes?
Higher education is not a luxury.
Gotcha.
It is the attitude of the subjects that controls the outcome of the experiment.
It took one week to locate their hiding place.
Carmen is a Mexican citizen.
An autumn breeze begins to blow.
The cat knows whose sausage it ate.
Raj is a man.
Then at length the chief butler remembering, said: I confess my sin.
President John F. Kennedy announced as a national goal the landing of an American astronaut on the Moon.
Money counts for much in political circles.
She is suffering from kidney failure.
We rely on Patty because she never breaks her promises.
Ginger is very useful in the winter period.
The ice cracked under the weight.
At last, the party reached their final destination.
A committee should apply the focus to the more concrete problem.
And they both offended the mind of Isaac and Rebecca.
Drain the oil.
Harry performed a magic trick.
Don't forget to bring bug spray.
President Johnson rejected the agreement.
Before we go further, allow me to declare my true and complete marijuana history.
You must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
The brain is the most complex organ in the body.
That Minister of Parliament was accused of buying his wife's dresses with public funds.
In this household, the women and men share equal responsibilities.
These tips may save your life.
You guys look like you're a bunch of dudes who know how to have a good time.
A two-legged donkey can become general and remain a donkey.
I'm not good at singing the blues.
Complete the formula here below.
But he suddenly felt dizzy and he sat down again in his old chair.
We can only hope that the government decides to withdraw its troops.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.
The process of getting a job is all about connections.
She's walking around in panties and bra.
Dr. Ride has a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics. She also has a Masters degree in Physics and a Ph.D. in Physics.
You and Brenda are not hungry.
Chen is not Korean.
Muhammad went to Georgia Tech.
She especially liked to polish her jewels.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
The clerk was dismissed on the grounds of her rude manners.
His noble deed deserves praise indeed.
Muhammad uses emotional blackmail to control people.
Every insult from Joel is just a hidden compliment.
As a result, more women are receiving equal work.
Oscar's pace on the trail was remarkable.
I am Lin.
We must find something to plug up this hole.
Free speech must also apply to those with whose opinions you disagree.
These convenient goods will meet our customers' demands.
Note that the maximum doesn't always exist.
He had the privilege of a private education.
The mother will not be at ease until she hears of her son's safe arrival.
We'll give you as many bonus miles as the normal air miles!
I rang the bell six times.
Jessie stood at Charles's side talking into his ear.
He paid all his debts, which is the proof of his honesty.
The kitchen is in the cellar.
And she laughed secretly, saying: After I am grown old, and my lord is an old man, shall I give myself to pleasure?
Meg is beating a drum.
I collect rare coins.
You totally freaked them out.
I always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis.
Good will ultimately triumph over evil.
They sleep in separate beds.
Will you accompany me to collect my brain?
You'll go to no picnic today, Anne Shirley. That shall be your punishment.
Georgia is his native country.
Never associate with bad fellows.
The doctor cured him of his cancer.
Beauty without grace is like a rose without a scent.
Jami was green behind the ears when it came to defending himself in court.
One shouldn't bring a samurai sword to work unless one is a samurai.
Tommy and Susie were looking for the unknown sentence and were wondering who was its author.
The nearest gas station is only one hundred kilometers to the north.
Aha! You went, right?
Dan was a mole selling top secret information to the British government.
Harry, you're a disgrace.
Place your bets.
The jury brought in a verdict of "guilty'.
I'm always confusing John with Paul.
One of these lucky beings was Hans.
One hundred dollars will cover all your expenses for the trip.
The allies defeated the evil empire in the fierce battle.
This beautiful garden owes more to art than to nature.
Go and beat up that bully.
Why didn't they draw up a passenger list?
Adam tied the balloon to Monica's wrist.
Tony is performing.
The methods used to overcome stress are different for men and women: drinking is the major method used by men, while women deal with stress by chatting.
The cops are searching for clues to the brutal murder.
Where was Woody Allen born?
Death is the door that brings this mortal life that we have lived to an end and opens out to the eternal life to come.
Traces of the cancer have come back.
The President gave an interview for reporters.
When the curtain went up, the stage was dark.
I harbor no ill will towards Jami.
We need to respect our farmers.
I've rented a room in Paris for a month.
Oliver crashed his parents' car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
The flood caused a disaster in their community.
Buddha, impressed by the rabbit's efforts, raised him unto the moon and set him in that form forever more.
Carmen has spent thousands of dollars on beauty products over the years.
There's a Mr Kay wants to see you.
We associate the name of Lincoln with freedom.
Santa Ana stepped down as president.
She burst into sobs.
Generally, men run faster than women.
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
My mother made me cottage cheese pancakes when I was young.
Muhammad is a celebrity chef.
After careful examination, it can be seen that the skull was smashed to pieces.
Jacob certainly didn't disappoint the audience.
We all know that I am not ill and pervert.
James wasn't at all keen to stay in the castle, which he'd heard was haunted.
I hope they rot in jail.
That we met in Paris was a fortunate accident.
William went blind after looking at the laser inside his mouse for too long.
In spite of all the cooking shows I've watched, I'm still no good in the kitchen.
There are nine planets travelling around the sun, the earth being one of them.
He promises me that he would deal with me as he would with his dearest brother.
Such a judge should retire from his job before retirement age.
Paula has to help her father in the kitchen.
He did not consent to his daughter's marriage.
The guilt he felt over the affair made him spill his guts to his wife.
The boy stole the copper coin.
He confessed that he had committed the crime.
The greater the demand, the higher the prices.
It seems that Mr. Brooke is an honest person.
They suddenly rose from their chairs.
Not being able to eat sweets is an extremely painful thing.
Alex wrote to the advice column.
Gentlemen remove their hats in the presence of a lady.
The European Union ordered Apple to pay 13 billion euros in taxes.
Jon made his company succeed.
Due to Oscar's behavior, the court is convinced that Margaret's account is accurate.
Did Ming's father play tennis yesterday?
I belong to the brass band, and so does my brother.
Mr. Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
In Japan, are nurses high on the social scale?
For a brat, you've said something very mature.
It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise.
Under no circumstances can the scheme be put into practice.
Lucy rarely gives her husband presents.
The gang agreed to release Muhammad for a ransom of $100,000.
Alfred was made captain of the team.
Suspicion is the poison of friendship.
Due to the economic crisis, there are more and more cases of fraud.
Don't play the victim if you're the one pointing the gun.
Searching for the owners of the items I found, such as ID cards or phones, is my favorite online game.
A president's hardest task is not to do what is right, but to know what is right.
Originally the meeting was planned for next Saturday.
Oh, look, Diana, what a lovely rainbow!
Loads of people think that goat's milk is good for you.
They were afterwards seen together upon the platform.
Kate spread the cloth over the table.
His body was covered with brown fur.
Can I have a gin and coke please?
Employees threatened a strike to protect worker benefits.
Let the juice run out, then place the roast on a dish.
Someday I will repay him for looking down on me.
I cannot cancel the show even if I would collapse on the stage.
The radio programme was listened to by millions of people.
What's the minimum salary in South Africa?
One thing Adam does that isn't very safe is that he uses the same password for every website.
My name is Sasha.
Joe is still the champ.
I would be grateful for your approval of this request.
There is nothing to negotiate with terrorists.
Hey James, by what logic are you not really familiar with me?
George was guilty of spreading lies about Lucy.
In Rome, Paris and Venice, nobody wonders at anything.
New York is 2 hours ahead of Seattle.
She told me last Tuesday that something dreadful WOULD happen to me if I didn't say my prayers every night. And I haven't said them for over a week, just to see what would happen . . . and nothing has.
I just had a snack at the bar.
The quality of a painter depends on the amount of past he carries with him.
Dan waited in the emergency room hallway to hear the status of Linda's condition.
Domestic mail was delivered four times a day.
The sole survivor of the crash was a baby.
The season length of heat waves in many U.S. cities has increased by over 40 days since the 1960s.
Emma shut her laptop.
We understand our own movements extremely well, and we can use them for reference.
Did the Bush administration cooperate with al-Qaida?
I ordered garlic shrimp and steak, but only got two shrimp with my steak.
God is my leader, and my sword is my companion.
They're a dime a dozen.
We're not fighting a war in Afghanistan for oil but to preserve democracy.
President Cleveland had to compromise.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Those customs are too silly to be respected.
The phoenix rose from its ashes.
Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, as long as you have enough rupees.
"Oh, what a tasty meal!" What is it made of?" - "We probably don't want to know."
Try to pull out the worm by turning it around with a match stick.
Dan rejected Linda's idea to expose everything to the press.
Marilyn Monroe died 33 years ago.
Is this cage meant to protect against sharks?
The lawn is a complete mess.
He was the instrument of his father's crimes.
James applied for a credit card, but he was turned down.
Many games use dice as a random number generator.
She was wearing pink panties under the skirt.
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
British people are arrogant and rude.
The Death Valley National Park is known for its dark skies.
Suddenly, a ship appeared through the fog.
"Is he Muslim." "What does his religion have to do with that?"
Birth control is cheaper than pregnancy.
Population growth has given rise to serious social problems.
I would hate to see him mess up one of his butterfly knife tricks.
He went to London via Paris.
To be precise, I go, because I am forced to.
All human beings are legally equal.
If Lola doesn't say "yes" clearly, you'd better take it as a "no".
On November seventh, they reached the Pacific Ocean.
I have exclusive access to this website.
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn't completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
They contacted their local politicians.
I tore a hole in my jeans when I fell off my bike.
The label on my scarf says, "Wash and iron inside out." I wonder how I'm supposed to do that.
I hear you get a free forehead tattoo when you join the gang.
She has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she's nervous.
Glenn has two friends who are women.
She was jolly well made to pay.
This event was good publicity for the company.
I believe Elvis is still alive.
Mr Thompson has been very busy today.
Anna is a dialogue police officer.
Jacob's guilt could not be proven without the murder weapon.
The criminal was placed in chains.
Pregnant women often experience morning sickness.
The water was warm and inviting.
Mission accomplished, general.
"How did you fall into the swamp?" "Someone pushed us in."
At a word from the ballet master in the white suit, the room will come alive.
He acts like the wicked witch in fairy tales.
Ding, ding! It's the right answer!
President Madison signed the bill into law.
He remembers Mr Black's car.
James's jokes are hilarious and get even better after he's had a few beers.
I have learnt it already, Master.
Mr Brown always carries a book with him.
He likes women with violet eyes.
Me? I can't even begin to draw buffalo, deer and horses so you can tell them apart.
The scandal could lead to the firing of some senior officials.
My very educated mother just showed us nine planets.
This scoundrel is the scum of humanity.
I'm sure that Ted's cough is due to smoking.
The airplane landed safely on the runway.
The subjects for the experiment were chosen at random.
Lincoln and Douglas talked for two hours.
Discuss what the audience should know at the end of the presentation.
When only death remains, the last resort is to beg for food.
Charlie did everything within his power to keep Mary from being elected president of the student council.
This fact bears witness to his innocence.
This gesture is familiar to young people.
Lions feed on flesh.
Education begins with curiosity.
The station crew spends their day working on science experiments.
Have you already received the November issue of My Garden journal?
My brother sends you his warm regards.
I didn't kidnap Jack.
Muhammad's leg is healing.
The opposite of poverty is not wealth; the opposite of poverty is justice.
How long have you known Luis?
Charlie had to borrow money to put into his savings account so that his cheque wouldn't bounce.
My ears were pounding.
Rebel forces prepared to fight.
They built a town in an area where two rivers met.
We need the receipt Mr Smith signed.
I have extremely white skin, and do not tan at all.
Have you ever tried feeding your dog peanut butter?
Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen.
The next convention will take place on Wednesday two weeks from now.
An arrest warrant was issued for the company's accountant.
I'm convinced that today the majority of Americans want what those first Americans wanted: A better life for themselves and their children; a minimum of government authority.
It becomes a vicious circle.
If plants and stones are in the water then this will happen: the plants float and the rocks sink.
I wouldn't push him too far. You don't know what he might do. I'd say you can't be too careful. They say even a doomed mouse will bite a cat if he has no choice.
He is an expert witness for the prosecution.
They passed the Cape of Good Hope.
The clouds were lit from below by the fireworks.
You must swallow pills, not chew them.
A child whose parents are dead is called an orphan.
I think I'll go ahead and cancel our reservation.
In the end, the Germans were forced to withdraw.
Wealth may be a factor of happiness.
I never thought it'd be this easy to hack into your website.
Our army occupied this region without a fight.
I noticed the sale prices were written in red ink.
All the doors are wide open, but there is no draft.
Charlie has no interest in art whatsoever.
It is difficult to replace an employee that is as qualified as he is.
To come out on top, you have to stay two steps ahead of your opponent at all times.
My greatest fear is drowning.
The British would need strong leadership.
We have a low tide approximately every six hours.
Seven minus two is five.
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
A sigh fell from her lips.
The first item is a motion proposed by the Education Committee.
Scores of people gathered in front of the Royal Palace.
Cakes have such a terrible habit of turning out bad just when you especially want them to be good.
My grandfather was quite a learned man for his time and place but he just wasn't cut out to be a businessman.
How can you tolerate this state of affairs?
The crab is an animal that lives at sea.
We were attacked by pirates!
The hint of a smile appeared on Adam's face.
Jacob is wanted for grand theft auto.
Rose is a loving and caring lady.
The office held a memorial for him.
The only thing that really scares me is the thought of losing you.
William spent three decades in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Some women are attracted to men who wear uniforms.
We now live in a world where a nation can contain more cell phones or computers than it does people.
You must save your files on a CD.
When spring comes, they dig up the fields and plant seeds.
Many ask me how I managed to quit smoking. It's incredible but I just stopped putting cigarettes in my mouth and lighting them up. And it worked!
We don't like to add shocking pictures to our website.
I like my steak cooked medium rare.
Alex felt something crawling up his leg.
House prices have remained static for several months.
The worlds chickens are triple the weight of all the wild birds.
It must be really creepy to work in a morgue.
Harry likes to sit on the dock playing his tin whistle while looking at the sunset.
He is full of ambition for power.
I know how busy you must be, but I need your answer to my last email before I can proceed with the project. Can you take a moment and write me back?
Nobody could remember the sequence of events.
The evidence suggests the opposite is the case.
She's a bean pole.
The Stone Age ruins were discovered.
Let me congratulate you on your marriage.
Please refer to the owner's manual for more details.
This book will be useful to anyone who wants to improve their memory and logical thinking.
The criminal became a Christian and turned over a new leaf.
I have no time to engage in political activity.
Alex is heading to the marina.
Not to talk smack on those from any other country, I'm just thankful for my own.
The recipe serves six people.
Hail, Caesar, those who are about to die salute you.
The Bon Festival is near at hand.
Cuba is in South America.
Which one will be our final resting place?
He's always cracking jokes.
Brian has bought Kate some lipstick.
You're entering the lion's den.
Jacob agreed with me one hundred per cent.
As the room fall silent, only the ticking sound of an old clock could be heard.
I was beside myself with jealousy when my youngest sister rose in the world.
Murderers and thieves can come from any angle.
We fold the flag after the festival.
A good man in an evil society seems the greatest villain of all.
"I'm ashamed to call you my son." "The feeling is mutual." "Oh yeah? Then get out of my house!"
I forgot to stick the stamp to the letter before sending it off.
It is believed that Christ worked many miracles.
Faith can move mountains, but I prefer dynamite.
In this colony he is lord of life and death.
A lot of buildings collapsed in Japan due to the earthquake yesterday.
The portrait shows the profile of a beautiful woman.
Let's eat at that food stall across the road.
She wants independence for her soul and her thoughts.
Howdy!
The rocket put a communications satellite into orbit.
Franklin went to school and studied very hard. By the end of the first year, he had earned a full college scholarship.
If blaming me makes you feel better, go right ahead.
The results were spectacular.
The surface of the earth rose due to the earthquake.
It's difficult to eliminate cheating.
Speak of the devil, here comes Kathy.
You needn't suffer in silence.
They are at 229 Broadway Avenue.
I'm sure there's an option that doesn't involve a bribe.
The toast popped up.
The main shops are in the city centre.
Making such a large sale is a feather in the salesman's cap.
This area is extremely isolated.
Anne and Diana drove away as fast as the fat pony could go.
Salt makes ice melt faster.
Advertising local products might require the use of local words.
Fix your room, Louie.
I am Samuel.
The streets are in full Christmas mode - it's almost Christmas Eve.
He seated himself opposite to me and smoked for some time in silence.
All revolutionary ideas are simple.
Our young misses were also invited, for they cut a very grand figure among the people of the country-side.
I have a friend whose nickname is "Pencil."
George's lawyer didn't think that the jury would think that Lucy was a reliable witness.
I have nowhere to sleep. Can I crash on your sofa?
Harry is sexually frustrated.
The problem is that that circuit is in series.
Because Japan had a large population in the past, it was poor; however, now, Japan has become rich due to mutual cooperation and hard work.
This Japanese chef only uses traditional Japanese knives.
The baby is not old enough to be capable of hostile laughter.
My locker partner has made our locker very messy.
A leap year has three hundred and sixty-six days.
An American Government cannot permit Americans to starve.
I am not used to harsh climate as I come from South countries.
I thought I heard a thud.
This morning I got a telegram from home saying that my father had been suddenly taken ill.
Everyone can be bought. Though, the most real whores are politicians.
This car wax gives permanent protection against heavy rain.
The cancer had spread to several organs.
Some salt comes from mines, some from water.
I had to remove the panel in order to access the computer.
The government owed millions of dollars.
I would demand a statue of myself, if Id pulled off a stunt like that.
Men are hunters, and women are prey.
The magician made birds appear and disappear.
Do birds fart?
Your attitude towards work bothers me!
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile, Alex gets along well with both men and women.
Jack is the choir master.
The police officer accepted a bribe.
They stood on the balcony to watch the festival in the street below.
The whale shark doesn't pose any danger to humans.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
Jacob was so stressed out that he started losing his hair.
A bull in shorts has escaped.
The balance of nature is very fragile.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Muhammad regrets that there are so few photos of his childhood.
A man's body dies, but his soul is immortal.
Women are sincere.
He's a carbon copy of his father.
Oh, that surprised me! Try not to make such loud noises.
One moment please, someone knocks on the door.
Vienna was the heart of the Austro-Hungarian empire.
Details remain classified.
And the people was scattered through all the land of Egypt to gather straw.
The desk is in a state of total disorder.
William tried to flush the drugs down the toilet.
Joe faces three to six months of rehab.
Mrs. Jones is often unpleasant to her husband's secretary over the phone.
For code type locks that don't need a key there are 'free dial' systems where you can set any number you like and fixed types where the number is set in advance.
Milan is Italy's fashion capital.
Although his exam scores weren't very high, he was still successful after graduation.
Dan questioned Linda about the whereabouts of his ex-boyfriend, Matt.
When it comes to paying out money, the boss pulls a long face.
He did not dare to jump over the creek.
Aunty Kelly treated us to ice cream today.
He was my sole source of happiness.
His evil deeds had just begun.
He went on a quest to find the point where the sky touches the Earth.
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes, we can.
It is such warm weather that the roses will bloom soon.
I got a rash from poison ivy.
Joe and Valentina trusted their instincts.
How dare you accuse me of that!
Your story idea is very original and it's scaring me.
Hallelujah! I've found my dog.
Our new method of doing that is quicker and more efficient.
I feel strongly that men and women are equal.
Water and oil are two different types of fluid.
You're invited to take a tour of Rio with me.
So we're gonna have a barbecue party. Tell your parents that my parents are gonna be there.
Priests are good men.
Dan failed to remove all the biological evidence.
Photography is now considered a new form of art.
Jami and Margaret met in a warehouse club, got married, and now weigh over three hundred pounds each.
The dog crushed the captain's cigar as he walked by; the captain took no notice of it.
Marc regrets his mistake.
I have a brain tumor.
The landlord thought: "A chef like that would be useful in my pub!"
Reports said they came close to a settlement.
Many Americans are uncomfortable with silence, and they tend to regard silence in a conversation as a signal that they need to start talking.
The people of this village live in harmony with nature.
A creaking gate hangs long.
Where are my swords?
Seal the box with glue, and not with tape.
Oscar had injuries consistent with a severe beating.
The upper reaches of the river are very beautiful.
The investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock.
He's rude, arrogant and ignorant.
Jim kicks a ball very well.
Skin-color-, language-, and religion-based "races" are nonsense.
I used the spoon that Oscar gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
Seven vehicles were destroyed.
First cousins are too close for marriage.
Where du you think you're going?
Here is the final agenda for the meeting on June 16th.
He was never officially charged with spying.
I now doubt the whole concept of a "natural sentence". Every sentence is linked to time, place, education and social class.
"Oh man! If I was as cool as Oliver was, I'd have three girlfriends" - "I have another opinion about that. In any case, Oliver has no girlfriend."
Why are these women whining?
We are the same age, but different heights.
The translation is extremely faithful to the original.
But what do you think, are there really many spies among us?
The meeting on sales promotion is dragging on.
This sketch is representative of George's style.
Charlie ordered a rum and Coke.
She fell back on the pillow, exhausted, choking.
He rose also and looked at me in silence, shaking his head sadly.
Why don't you stay awhile?
Jack led the group of boys down the corridor.
How are you? Are your previous movements alright?
Oh, look! There's something shiny.
You really won't find a better specialist in the Boston area.
The buildings were still intact after the flood.
The Swiss flag has only two colors, not three.
We were frightened by a savage scream.
She added some personal touches to the wedding cake.
It is a far, far better thing to have a firm anchor in nonsense than to put out on the troubled seas of thought.
Dan was allowed into the interrogation room.
This corporation is a political puppet.
Alex handed Carmen a mug of coffee.
The initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat.
This is the boy whose name is Alex Fisher.
The hawk is a bird of prey.
Women and men are equally bad drivers.
What is this nonsense about you not needing to study well?
Heaven's vengeance is slow but sure.
It's a very bizarre animal.
Let's go to Paul's Diner.
These patterns are identical.
These endless business trips are telling on his marriage.
My house stands within easy access of the railroad station.
Tommy visits Anna whenever he can.
Ah! my dear girl, I would love to see you become the wife of a good farmer and be one of our neighbours.
Julia used a flat iron to straighten her hair.
His soldiers feared and respected him.
John put his foot on the brake and we stopped suddenly.
Charlie had a sneaking suspicion Monica had met up with John after the party.
Israel captured East Jerusalem from Jordan in 1967.
There were six children in the Evans family.
Your replacement has already been chosen.
To whom are you referring?
I could not but cheer when my friend was handed the trophy.
When she became a nun, she took the name Sister Teresa.
I really enjoyed betting in Las Vegas.
I give my pledge that I will quit smoking.
A dog barks; a man walks.
Forced work is pointless: I attract them with decent pay.
The Mars Science Laboratory has landed on Mars.
Freedom isn't something that's just given to you. You have to fight for it and seize it yourself.
By seven o'clock in the evening, the streets are deserted in this town.
Dont you think its strange that although it was his fault, youre the one quitting?
In some countries, abortion is legal.
These identical twins were separated at birth.
Harry is sucking his thumb.
Many drivers drive slightly over the speed limit.
The tree throws its shadow over the wall.
Child labour in Brazil is a serious social problem.
Are you able to grant us a special discount of 5% for 50 sets of the product?
He was mainly interested in the origin and development of the universe.
I demand that you correct that observation, Mr. Charles.
William was killed in a terror bombing.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
Women can be scary when insulted.
Did you meet in Seoul?
A bee sting can be very painful.
"What is he doing there?" "Trading." "Since when?" "Since the start of the fair."
The report is of a confidential nature.
He took me aside in order to whisper in my ear.
The electrical cord is missing.
As the crow flies, it's about 20 miles from here.
From the age of 14 one is obliged to carry ID in Holland.
More than 90% of people who go on a diet and dip below their body's natural weight will eventually gain that weight back.
But it is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself.
That's my cue.
Never mind that. More importantly, if we don't go soon the time-limited sales will finish.
When you speak of the Devil, you can hear the rattling of his bones.
Harry removed his wig.
Muhammad is very romantic and sentimental.
Jacob was surprised to find Emma sitting all alone in the chapel.
You should perform regular maintenance on your car.
In a hundred meter dash she started last but soon caught up with the others.
Four soldiers and twelve civilians were killed.
Jami has bought a necklace for his fiance, Anna.
John, who is the youngest in a family of seven, is the apple of his parents' eyes.
For yet a while, and after seven days, I will rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights: and I will destroy every substance that I have made, from the face of the earth.
I would lodge a complaint.
Such scientists as Einstein are rare.
I will look for thy salvation, O Lord.
The old oak was almost higher than the house.
This fabric is very soft.
From all evidence, I was the main topic of conversation.
She hanged herself in her jail cell.
Sally admitted that she borrowed the scarf but said she was not guilty.
Pizza is a pie chart showing how much of it is left.
How goes it, Jacques?
I only heard three chimes.
Who was the leader of the expedition?
Give me three pieces of salmon.
Tourists are the main source of income for them.
William makes his own organic energy bars.
The women are marching.
He drank some beer besides a bottle of whisky.
They are welfare queens.
Her conditions for choosing a marriage partner took priority.
This custom is dying out nowadays.
A news chopper crashed in Seattle.
Carmen can't make ends meet on her pension. That's why she works half-days as a cleaning lady in a restaurant.
The dogs help herd the cattle.
He's wondering if there are non-humans today being counted as "humans."
Its origin and purpose is still a total mystery.
Adam brought a bunch of roses for Laur for International Women's Day, but she found it inappropriate.
I'm not forcing you.
Tommy was committed to an institution for the insane.
This battle left Napoleon master of Europe.
Have you already carried the boxes up to the attic?
A woman is capable of failing to notice the hundred things that you've done her, and to address only the one that you haven't.
Only dedicated girls can endure this task.
Drivers should always be on their guard against accidents.
Some restaurants and hotels don't accept credit cards.
The coroner didn't find any gunshot wounds on any of the bodies.
Adam gained the respect and loyalty of his employees.
People used to think that women who looked odd were witches.
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
We find springs and joy everywhere.
It is important, in any age, to adore God and to respect one's parents.
Oliver watched the hours tick by.
It is essential that any sample is as representative as possible of the population from which it is drawn.
I learned a lot about myself in the process of giving up tobacco.
The Marines quickly defeated the communist forces.
Sometimes it's better to concentrate on a modest objective in order to achieve a more ambitious one.
President Roosevelt decided not to strike back at Japan immediately.
Most of their interviews are in German.
Just as the Americans like baseball, the British like cricket.
Could I get you to update this data for me?
"What're you making?" "It's pumpkin soup."
Australia is a puppet state.
The assembly is really easy because most of the parts just snap into place.
Send us your videos with your name and age to PO Box 4413.
It is often the case that those who do not forget the past deliberately go out of their way to repeat it.
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
We have about thirty cans of beans in the cellar.
"Why punch Nazis?" "Because I love peace."
Villagers were going to celebrate the wine festival.
Bored waiting or rushing off at full speed.
Have some frozen lobster at any rate.
The maid was cleaning the room with the vacuum cleaner.
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.
I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.
Sake is a traditional Japanese alcoholic drink.
Customer satisfaction is our number one priority.
A bodyguard is a person whose job it is to guard the body, and therefore the life, of another person.
The man who was arrested for murder asked to plead the fifth.
It's so warm in this room that I'm sweating.
There was nothing wrong with their ability, it was just that the expense for each unit was so vast that the cost performance was bad.
Jacob could only chuckle.
Poland was one of the first countries to recognize the Republic of Turkey.
You're a rogue, James.
Police tracked down Dan's girlfriend, Linda.
"What is the greatest invention of the human mind?" "The compound interest!"
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
He was elected to the Senate in 2008.
The hallway needs to be wide enough for a wheelchair.
Besides the piano, can you play any other instruments?
I've been out of the loop for a while. Can you bring me up to speed?
Olivia desperately tried to save her on-off relationship with Oliver.
The capital of India is New Delhi.
My lover works as an au pair in Italy.
The universe is the temple and the Earth is the altar.
The actors appeared in historical costumes.
I want to wander from one place to the next without knowing where my home is.
Jacob's grandfather was a concentration camp survivor.
Ultimately, Robert and Gypsy were to blame for Johns death.
My GPS device was stolen.
We're charging you with the murder of James Jackson.
The howling grew louder and louder.
I'm considering taking a gap year to develop myself and increase my self-confidence.
I wish I could figure out how to burn a DVD.
Thousands of supporting cries could be heard from the stands.
Words fail me to describe the beauty of this landscape.
Get in the Jeep.
I wonder if you'd mind giving me an autograph.
There is nothing much we can do against the freaks of nature.
Sorry that I've reduced you to someone to drag my luggage around!
Without the slightest doubt, the dream was a memory from a previous life.
It's just a money making scam.
This homeless man plays piano beautifully.
There's a bank about a hundred metres from the library.
Julia is a Swedish citizen.
In the religious-cult trial, the ambitious lawyer will represent the cult leader.
I expected more classical features, but hers is a beauty that would do well even in this age.
Social media is way for expression of ideas freely.
Claire slowly turned and looked to her husband for guidance.
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
People tend to react emotionally to events.
There were curtains hanging over the window.
On building sites, hard hats must be worn at all times.
It is difficult to execute the task.
Beth accused her sister, Sally, of tearing her scarf.
Don't presume to tell me how to raise my children!
How many missiles can this aircraft carry?
He threw in the towel in defeat when his favorite chorus girl married another man.
The penis entered the vagina.
Although he's young, he's an outstanding doctor.
I find underwater photos fascinating.
The Knights of the Round Table gathered around the table.
The Japanese national power is still developing.
The bird was covered with white feathers.
That model cannot erase cultural differences.
It was a delightful bit of nonsense.
Alex was appointed superintendent.
Ships can't rival aircraft for speed.
Julia was a woman of subtle beauty.
Her fianc visits her every day.
Your Honor, while this case is marked for trial, in fact, the defendant would like to accept a plea.
Writers draw on their imagination.
The foreign minister said that the war had been inevitable.
C'mon, let's go!
The essence of a person depends on the influence of good or bad friends.
I suddenly felt the urge to jump off the bridge into the river.
Men usually like wrestling as women do not.
He swallowed a piece of toast because he was starving.
Emma looked like Belle from the Beauty and the Beast.
Can't you give this little maiden something which will make her as strong as twelve men, to overcome the Snow Queen?
Mr Jones believes in hard work and profits.
My name is Jose. We are friends.
The iris gives the eye its color.
Local residents are in a state of shock.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
The Grand Canyon is a well-known tourist destination.
There were a lot of annoying insects flying around.
We're here for the long haul.
Is the magnetic card made of plastic which stores your bank account called a cash card?
Jami hangs out at the local bar.
Anna is looking for her library card, which is probably somewhere on the shelf in the hall, covered by other things.
I am your source of life, for my tears flow in your veins.
There is a lack of social housing in Paris.
Who are the voting members?
I gave Alice some meds that should help.
I've never been able to roll my Rs...
How far did the Roman Empire stretch at its peak?
I shan't forget that feast as long as I live.
Shake off the towels.
In the special forces, the first thing you lose is your self-esteem. They'll make you hate yourself. Then they'll make you hate the others. Then, they'll teach you how to harm without having any compassion to the others.
How dare you insult the prophet Julia!
A square has four corners and four sides.
A tiny spark may become a great flame.
She didn't see Michel when she was in Paris?
Resident Evil 4 is one of the best games I have ever played.
It made Grandfather's day when his granddaughter gave him a picture she had drawn of him.
James was wearing a cheap suit bought off the rack.
My soul is not human as it is from another dimension.
She was a Bennett before she married.
Just below that ridge.
"Kai dear! I'm really sad! Having my first experience in this way." "Eh?" "Skip-ping-town."
If the loser smiles, the winner loses the thrill of victory.
Power yoga really made me sore.
"John Doe" is a nickname for an anonymous person.
The bus driver was not impressed when Adam pulled out a $50 note to pay his fare.
His appearance made me gasp.
Choke up on the bat.
Haven't you ever had a personal relationship turn sour?
Harry has a framed photo of his parents on their wedding day hanging on his lounge room wall.
Do I need a root canal?
Now you're accusing me of murder.
Jacob tried to distract the guards so Laur would have a chance to escape.
He felt the most heavenly joy that he had experienced since birth.
The city is on the eastern bank of the Hudson.
Mr. Alec ran down to see what was the matter.
My positive self-talk creates my reality.
Dan could not adjust to life outside jail.
Rose was blowing bubbles.
I will send my army to take the city and slaughter every single person there.
The pilot was having trouble controlling the aircraft.
I hope to earn a respectable income by the time I settle down.
I met a Native American from Arizona, but he didn't speak a word of his native language.
We'll have to separate the wires.
You need to reverse your vest, it's back to front.
Change can sometimes be difficult, but it can also open up new opportunities and be a means of personal growth and development.
There were three beautiful sisters, fair and delicate. The dress of one was red, of the second blue, and of the third pure white. Hand in hand they danced in the bright moonlight, by the calm lake.
Zip it! Lock it! And put it in your pocket! In other words, please just shut up already!
When it comes to disco dance, I can't hold a candle to Susan.
A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.
Bob became a pastor.
If you see the day through with Mr Bark without losing your temper, I'll believe you.
Allowing robots to take their own decisions can be dangerous, because they can turn against their owner.
The dress code is smart casual.
While the demonstration was being made, the president was taking notes.
We were attacked by bandits.
I can't understand his obsession with football.
I'm afraid we're not in Kansas anymore, said Paul.
He got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased.
Sir, I can stand this strain no longer; I shall go mad if it continues.
"Where's Laurie?" "She's in the kitchen."
It came to the president like a bolt of lightning.
Jim got more and more radical.
Instead of complaining that we do not have all that we want, we should be thankful not to receive all that we deserve.
She seemed so much at ease in the saddle.
Please give him a dose of medicine every six hours.
The dog was sniffing a stick.
Oliver has worms in his brain.
Don't tease them.
For Calvin, God has already decided our fate.
When did Operation Protective Edge take place?
He had served as a congressman and senator.
Joe ate a handful of the nuts from the bowl on the bar.
Dan remembers the red interior of his grandfather's car.
"Your work has been causing a lot of complaints from customers; I'm ordering you to leave immediately." "Oh, up yours! I didn't want to work here in the first place."
Jack's comments to the press caused quite a stir.
The police were intent on stopping the criminal.
It wasn't very smart to buy so many tuna cans, since I have no can-opener.
I've got a hole in the toe of my sock.
The shutter's over here. All you have to do is press it.
In Japan, children begin to play the violin at the age of three.
To Bob's disappointment, several of those who had promised to help him afterwards backed out.
Police didn't release any additional details.
Please state your opinion with relation to this project.
My mother tasted the soup and added a little more salt.
It has been a duel between you and me, Mr. Holmes.
Chester Arthur had been a successful lawyer.
Susie could not settle her fears.
He's a DJ.
The mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media.
See you back at the precinct.
Please push the buzzer.
Under certain circumstances banks can freeze the assets of a person who dies without a will.
If you submit the project after the deadline, you will receive no credit.
At night, parents tuck their children into bed.
She caused the breakdown.
The pilot was never charged for his reckless flying.
William is growing frustrated.
Although these batteries are new, they don't work.
The doctor was in a white gown over a blue suit.
What does it mean to be a good ol boy?
I'm just sayin'.
The cell was stinking of urine.
Tommy's performance wasn't up to his fans' expectations.
The queen was gracious enough to invite us.
More challenges may lie ahead.
Jami spent years traveling the globe looking for new species of birds.
Adam is finding his new job very demanding, and he often finds it difficult to find time for his family.
I suffer from restless leg syndrome.
... Aaah, just how am I supposed to cope with this I wonder?
Women frighten me.
That's thieves' cant.
Mr. President, what you are doing is treason!
Individuals do not exist for the development of the State.
John has a Tin Lizzie.
The melody isn't flowing.
Junk bond dealers left the market riding on a pillow of air.
You're grounded, missy!
This book was written by Haley.
He is a retired man who volunteers to entertain patients in hospitals.
Bonds were issued to finance a war.
The stain that was removed was still visible on the skirt.
During his detention, Tommy spent several months in the hole.
A man fails seven times and rises eight times.
The punch on the jaw brought me to my knees.
The president said that his comments about what happened in Sweden were based on a report he saw on Fox News.
He was appointed Minister of Finance.
Mrs. Liu visited me last week, and today I will return her visit.
Life has a loneliness one cannot truly understand until reaching old age.
She rides a fixed gear bike.
Knowledge is a comfortable and necessary retreat and shelter for us in advanced age, and if we do not plant it while young, it will give us no shade when we grow old.
While I was dreaming, a woman in a white robe appeared to me.
Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
Apparently ice is lethal!
May the blessings of God be upon you.
I am a free woman anywhere, whereas you, wherever you may be, even in the highest place, are slaves.
They succeeded in putting an artificial satellite in orbit.
This is like shooting ducks in a barrel.
That mountain whose top is covered with snow is the one that we climbed last summer.
Do you think dogs would make good writers or would cats be better at the craft?
The results were stunning.
James put the popcorn into the pan and waited for it to pop.
I can't make heads or tails of this assignment.
They tried to impress their bosses.
Some people sleep for only six hours or even less and yet they nevertheless feel fine.
The other day, a water quality inspection was carried out at our house. We had it done by a certain famous company's Environment Analysis Center or some such name.
The police officer removed Harry's handcuffs.
The Constitution gives certain rights to the states.
The chances of success are greater if the business man knows the ropes, and also has more funds at his disposal.
Fortune favors the foolish.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
It's the perfect place for an ambush.
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview.
Please understand that, under these circumstances, we have no other choice but to find another buyer.
Where are my shin guards?
No one dances sober, unless he is insane.
The fox hid in the hollow tree.
"What a nice month this November has been!" said Anne, who had never quite got over her childish habit of talking to herself.
Rats also have a function. They help to clean the pipes.
Jack works in Washington, DC.
After a six month period, his leg was healed and is normal again.
The new regulations were confirmed by the full committee.
The shipment has reached us safely.
Let's call the dog Skipper.
Please cut this piece of wood into two pieces. The total length of it is one meter. I need the first piece to be 80cm, and the other should be 20cm.
A bar in Shanghai started selling my favorite beer, so I'll take the opportunity to taste some.
Why do people kneel down to pray?
The goose honks.
He started to untie his shoes.
Sofia's smile just now was so lovely.
If you agree to become an organ donor, you may help save someone's life.
Should I be killed, look beyond local law enforcement.
Why don't we exchange LINE [info]?
I will try to avoid tunnels as much as possible.
William made himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I'm having an extremely hard time trusting you.
Poems are made in about the same way that we make guns. We take a hole, and we put something around it.
My father became senior foreman at the plant.
"We were all children once."  "Even Nana?"  "Yes, even Nana."  " That I don't believe!"
Whenever possible, you should consult experts.
I hear we're going to have a grand toast for the CEO!
Fortune is unstable, while our will is free.
Joe sent sniper fire into his neighbor's kitchen window.
Recently, I've been putting on a little weight around my waist. I guess it's middle-age spread.
Finally, on January eighth, the British attacked.
Dan revealed that Linda was actually an exotic dancer.
I thought being 'punch drunk' meant operating a punch press too long, not being punched in the head too many times.
Oliver rented a limo for the prom.
Marriage is a type of human rights violation.
Did you put sage in the pasta?
I'm just about to whack you on the ears with a spoon, you monkey.
We often hear it said that ours is essentially a tragic age.
He awaits his examination results so he can choose an appropriate course at University.
He dared to visit the governor of New York State.
The government of the State will invest more than R$ 100 million a year.
You should avoid tight fitting clothes if you are pregnant.
We have to evacuate the clinic.
Japan depends on Arab countries for oil.
My parents taught me to respect my elders.
No consideration is paid to people who are sensitive to chemicals.
Rio's carnival is held in February.
What would the Flying Spaghetti Monster do?
The silence was so absolute that it nearly pressed on my ears.
Christians are always thinking about Jews, because their literature always talks about them.
Nut was the Egyptian goddess of the sky.
They dug up Harry's body and gave him a proper burial.
Oh! he said, I would gladly drown myself, if the water was not so cold!
Jackson sent a message to President Monroe.
Work and pray, live on hay; you'll get pie in the sky when you die.
Thomas Jefferson left the White House in March of 1809.
Margaret bumped into Jami, causing him to spill his coffee all over his shirt.
Who taught you how to surf?
The doctors were up in arms about their proposed new contracts.
The goals were placed at the opposite ends of the town.
Propeller-powered aircraft are very efficient for low speed flight.
People wear masks to prevent getting a disease.
Oh, I almost forgot! Today is garbage disposal day!
China has had the fastest economic growth rate in the world in the last decade.
The audience exploded with laughter.
They sacrificed forbidden swine, and put to death all who refused to eat.
They are able to retire while fairly young and enjoy the lifestyle of their choice in good health.
The sun is setting below the horizon.
On the tray are five objects - three of them are keys.
He was killed by a blunt weapon.
The hungry cat scattered the trash all over the kitchen.
The governor compromised on the subject to a certain degree.
The crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space.
There's a tiger stalking us.
Man is destined to suffer.
He removed his fur jacket downstairs, went up, and knocked lightly on the door.
Please give my compliments to the chef.
Oliver had a hunch that Catherine had spent the day reading comic books.
The warm sunlight is full upon the green wheat field.
After a battle casualties are usually heavy.
Add this to your stack.
I love it when he kisses my lips. No, my cheeks.
The defendant is not guilty, but somebody in this courtroom is.
What method do you use to organize your files?
My generation is killing music as both an art and an occupation.
Thank you for sending me the link to purchase "The Godfather" movie.
You can't blow and sip.
Tommy was asked to submit documentary evidence to support his application.
I signed a lease.
You couldn't tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.
Is it really possible to do a brain transplant?
The master usually chose yellow and blue colours.
"Dang Me" wasn't the first song Roger Miller had written, but it was his first huge hit record.
Someone stole my wallet. I no longer have a cheque book or a credit card.
Goodnight, Timmy.
Hi, Mimi! How are you doing?
Maybe it's his age but his opinions seem a little more grounded in experience than everyone else's.
This notion is ridiculous.
You were George's accomplice, weren't you?
To make a mattress for camping, we stuffed a sack with straw.
You used a condom for birth control, right?
Bush followed Reagan as president.
Oliver listed Susie as his next of kin on his travel insurance application.
The national parks are closed because the government has shut down.
Germany was eliminated by South Korea.
Oscar abused alcohol and pain pills.
Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition.
James attacked Margaret with a dagger.
Are you arresting me for domestic violence? Come on, guys!
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
By opening my mouth at the wrong time, I'm always putting myself and my pals behind the eight ball.
Jack always dreamed of becoming a bounty hunter.
I caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers.
I must reject your request.
Judith's German accent is beautiful.
Alex framed the photograph and hung it over the bed.
And all the days of Jared were nine hundred and sixty-two years, and he died.
Pleasure, a most mighty lure to evil.
To think what is true, to sense what is beautiful and to want what is good, hereby the spirit finds purpose of a life in reason.
Her beauty will fade in time.
The thing blocking my path was a stone wall of less than 1 meter's height.
What time did you arrive from Philadelphia?
A politician has to be able to stick with any lies in this country.
Hah, that proves I was right!
At the end of the first half Real Madrid were in the lead, but Chelsea won in the end.
I am extremely disappointed that Oliver has all manner of apple trees in his garden, but not a single peach tree.
William's father isn't listed on his birth certificate.
As a child, I loved Barbie.
When you drink soup, don't make any hissing sound.
New lovers are wretched company.
Dan doesn't know the extent of Linda's criminal history.
Oh, thanks! How thoughtful.
Turkish is a very regular and logical language.
Is it possible to define the colour red by pointing to an apple?
Shelly's really filled out since the last time I saw her.
As I recall, James's house is a little farther in from the main road.
Did Klaus accept to teach you German?
The low water levels have made shipping more difficult.
A staff is used to help steady yourself when walking, much like a cane.
He flattered himself that he was the best actor.
The sun rises from the east and sets in the west.
The doctor did everything possible as a physician to save the life of the dying child; he also gave his blood to help the child weather the storm.
Doesn't that name seem ironic to you: "Holy Army"?
Everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire.
AI stands for artificial intelligence.
The rider stopped at an inn during his travels.
Human rights are universal.
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods.
Where is the south terminal?
This is supposedly research which my secretary did.
Detroit was called the Paris of the West.
The dancers really came to life during the Latin numbers.
Oh no, I spilled salad dressing on my dress!
Bollocks, where in God's name did I put my house keys?
When the garlic is golden, add the fish.
Western leaders condemned the action.
Dan went to Linda's house to confront her.
Secret society is a fancy name for organized crime.
It is like a criminal to die by sentence of court, but like a general to die fighting with the enemy.
I can't do it, bro. I'm really sorry.
Looks like I might have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
To create a website, it is useful to know how to code.
Land, ho!
Behold thou art fair, O my love, behold thou art fair!
I missed a trick by not buying the complete version.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Make sure you don't get Tommy mad.
You'll see Mommy and Daddy again.
There is an urgent need for the international community to help feed hungry children.
Dave would call his security.
Honestly, my dear, I don't care at all!
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
Just because a word exists doesn't mean you have to use it, especially if it's not something you'd normally say.
Men should always treat women with respect.
Mmm, hot chocolate!
The crowd cheers for both teams.
Go ahead, the brown dog won't do you any harm.
Oh, come on! You gotta at least spend the night. We haven't seen you for so long.
My breathing got faster and I became tense.
It's been one year since Linda was raped.
The painting is the work of a Dutch master.
Barbara is reading a newspaper.
She played that tune on her grand piano.
Charlie ordered the most expensive thing on the menu.
Will the strike affect the price of coal?
For some strange reason I talk to me dogs with an Irish accent.
The door was frozen shut.
James posted bail and was released.
Comfort station requires a payment.
I attached my signature to the document.
Remove the hair with a razor blade.
Make a spoon or spoil a horn.
Adam works at Mickey D's.
His clinic has lost many patients since the scandal.
There are still judges in Berlin!
Alex is likely going to be depressed when he sees how much paperwork needs to be done.
For instance, people who physically have to have alcohol can die from not drinking.
When you exercise your heart beats faster.
Joe and Caroline are taking care of our dog.
Love is strongest in pursuit; friendship in possession.
My lawyer's talking to the prosecutor.
My parents wouldn't permit me to do that when I was your age.
Oliver says he's considering dropping out of school.
Wrap yourself warm, it is cold out there.
The new album has a higher priority.
Gimme a minute.
I can never get Nina on the phone.
Oscar is an assistant editor, isn't he?
Early childhood education sets the foundation for future learning.
It is always dark beneath the oil lamp.
They tied their boats to the dock.
Muhammad bought a pound of cheese.
In many places, nature is threatened by human activity.
The boy released a bird from the cage.
Don't spit on the walls.
Please treat me nicely now.
Do you enjoy comedy TV shows?
People know that there were young men of noble rank amongst them.
Charlie remained in Margaret's radar.
Please add lemon flavor to the tea.
George seems to be suffering from a guilty conscience.
As soon as I get my trailer back from my son, I'm going to take a load of rubbish to the tip.
A smile sends a friendship signal.
Adam has a flip phone.
These days, a watch not only shows the time, but also the person's social status.
Henry's letter really bothered me.
Without the shadow of a doubt, the dream was a memory from a previous life.
I went as far as the Crystal Palace.
Indeed, in some parts of the world we can see the effects already.
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
The letters Y and Z are very rare in Latin.
Moral justice cannot take the innocent for the guilty even if the innocent would offer itself.
Jacob landed a critical hit on the monster.
South Korea is much more beautiful than North Korea.
Julia is a mason.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
God created the universe in six days. Only humans invented the five-day week.
We have a really loyal customer base.
I didn't recognise the tune.
This spider is a deadly animal.
When Sophie saw something she wanted, she asked for it.
There were many of us who were glad enough to win back our freedom, and yet who had no wish to have murder on our souls.
He had a classic education.
Every one knew that this also was the work of the fairy in order that while the Princess slept she should have nothing to fear from curious people.
Our ancestors came here over a hundred years ago.
Oliver and Susie went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
What a dope!
The President cannot make clouds to rain and cannot make the corn to grow, he cannot make business good; although when these things occur, political parties do claim some credit for the good things that have happened in this way
Chris got a remarkable grade for the complex homework.
CO levels never rose over 280 parts per million until 1950.
Experiments are carried out in a laboratory.
We associate her face with a rose.
Tomorrow, the car needs to go to the garage for a big service. It'll probably set me back a couple of hundred euros.
Adam asked the butler for butter.
The number of people suffering from AIDS has increased.
The President desires peace.
This luggage porter is very strong.
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.
Honesty was the most important factor in his success.
We are ever brutal to those who love and serve us in silence.
This wild rose gives off a sweet scent.
He takes on himself to direct the Almighty what to do, even in the government of the universe.
Answer the following question to receive your password.
Stiff upper lip!
His face clearly shows gratitude.
I can't locate the source of the problem.
You can't judge George by ordinary standards.
They called President Roosevelt a pirate.
The government didn't take appropriate measures to prevent the infection from spreading.
Carmen was reading a celebrity magazine.
Don't point the laser at my face!
The record was sent to the ministry.
Roast lamb is eaten for Easter.
She went to Paris for the purpose of learning ballet.
Charlie's guilt couldn't be proven without the murder weapon.
You ought to face the stark reality.
I always thought that Shirley and Alan would get together.
The company will hold a presentation of the new model tomorrow.
I found this column interesting.
It's the early bird that catches the worm.
This apple has started to rot.
He has no interest in art whatsoever.
The man on the phone told me that if I don't pay the ransom, I'll never see my little Johnny again!
My cell phone is handy.
When he was a hundred years old: for at this age of his father, was Isaac born.
Place your bets, please.
Would that the trees might speak on behalf of all things that have roots, and punish those that wrong them!
Don't blame the messenger.
Why don't you try this bra on?
She really cut a dash in her pink evening gown.
We will divide the large area of family land equally between our children.
Valentina is studying to become a nun.
Tommy's alcoholic father often beat him up.
The doctor said I have a brain tumor.
I need to put the pan on a hot pad or I'll burn the table.
What makes Jami tick?
A savage tribe lived there in those days.
My cousin serves with the Marines.
George and Anna survived the bombing.
Harry came to save Catherine like a knight in shining armor.
Oliver is the expedition leader.
Jack ordered the lobster.
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
Trying to save his failing business is what's keeping him up at night.
The proof is in the pudding.
Nazis are marching in the streets.
This substance is going from liquid to solid state.
Margaret visits George whenever she can.
Napoleon's army has advanced to Moscow.
The human mind often sees patterns where there are none.
I forgot to shutter the windows before the storm hit.
I'm not going to fight a duel.
You have to pace yourself or you'll choke halfway through.
He confessed his sins to the pastor.
When Tommy's friends were over at his place for an evening of videos, the whole place smelled of his delicious home-cooked potato chips.
I spoke to him kindly so as not to frighten him.
The battle ended in a triumph for the Romans.
Dan's dog was sniffing a dead rat in the street.
Lucy's innocent crush turned into an obsession.
Jim drove too fast, which was reckless.
Nobody's accusing you of a crime.
After the Arab Spring came the winter, but the snow hasn't covered the ruins.
This is an obvious violation of my rights according to the constitution of this country.
Tommy bumped into Julia, causing her to spill her coffee on herself.
Linda was a popular exotic dancer in London.
I wonder if its illegal for law enforcement to be listening to our conversations.
I'm not going to invest in your bar.
Laur dressed as an ancient Egyptian princess.
The masks are falling.
I would like to extend our best wishes on your marriage.
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
The wood is alive with birds.
How many birds are there in the garden of the school?
Catherine laid all her cards on the table.
The birds fly.
Birds have wings.
Jacob wrote a book about birds.
There were thousands of people there.
Alex knows a lot about birds.
Would you like to play cards?
Thousands of jobs are at risk if the company goes under.
Every year thousands of foreigners visit Japan.
He likes to watch the birds fly above his head.
Thousands have been left homeless.
James stole thousands of dollars.
He took thousands of pictures.
Thousands of people lost their jobs.
Playing cards is a hobby.
There are no birds in this forest.
How many Christmas cards did you get last year?
The cost will run into thousands of dollars.
The birds return in the Spring.
Birds drink water.
She knows nothing about the birds and the bees.
Thousands lost their homes.
Within every man are thousands.
The birds were singing in the trees.
Thousands of people visit this museum every month.
How many kinds of birds are in your backyard?
The two old men while away the time playing cards.
"The birds are singing! Isn't it beautiful?" "NO!"
Jack lost thousands of dollars last week.
By 1897, thousands of people were out of work.
I can show you how to make thousands of dollars per day while working from home.
Thousands of people there were arrested.
The birds are building a nest.
They invited me to play cards.
It must be morning, for the birds are singing.
Anna looked at her cards.
Adam knows how to catch birds.
There are two bank cards in the wallet.
Birds sing early in the morning.
The men played cards and drank until late at night.
He studied the flight of birds.
Most birds can see only by day.
Now you're talking to birds.
Do you hear the birds singing?
The birds were hungry.
The birds used to sing in the trees.
Certainly, I like playing cards.
Have you ever played Angry Birds?
Haven't you seen my birds?
They sat around the table to play cards.
Some birds are singing outside the window.
I used to listen to the calls of the wild birds in this forest.
The birds outside are singing.
We often play cards on Sunday.
Jami, Eva and John are playing cards in the living room.
Just then, the workers in the park brought over some small playing cards.
All of the birds want to fly.
Jack heard some birds singing.
It's a strange thing that I've been asked what's the German for "fridge" three times in my life. There are thousands of words, what's the chance to be asked about the same word three whole times?
It's Jacob's turn to deal the cards.
Birds were singing in the woods.
His shoes were so old that his toes were sticking out of them.
Don't kill too many birds and animals on earth.
Jack loves going to Italian restaurants.
Thousands of jobs were created.
Wow! Thousands of fish!
He studied how birds flew.
He studied the way birds fly.
The birds hid themselves among the leaves and started to sing.
What are the other birds?
Adam probably doesn't know much about birds.
Adam takes good care of the birds.
I cannot catch birds. I don't like that.
I saw many birds yesterday morning.
The performance was outstanding.
His opinion is for the birds.
Thousands of men were on their way to Washington.
It's no use playing dumb.
Alex and Laur are playing cards in the next room.
I hate playing cards.
I look forward to the day I'll settle up with you.
I'm going to eat something to settle my stomach.
George doesn't want to settle down.
Somehow I cannot settle down to work.
We can hardly settle things by theory alone.
We'll settle this when I get back.
Oliver is ready to settle down and start a family.
A cherry tree grows in a garden.
Are you mad that you should stay up all night playing cards?
These gift cards have already been used.
You should get married and settle down.
You have to settle for one of the two!
Settle down for a moment! You are fighting all the time!
Can you settle this?
Farmers are still sitting on the fence over which candidate to back.
William says that he isn't ready to settle down.
How do you suggest that we settle this?
Oscar says he isn't ready to settle down.
They're playing cards.
How many Christmas cards did you write last year?
How do you suggest we settle this problem?
Why don't we see if George and Emma want to play cards with us?
We should settle things once and for all.
You're only as much as you settle for.
Let's settle this matter once and for all.
Could you play cards at your high school?
Oliver, Valentina, John and I often play cards on Monday.
Let's settle this once and for all.
We're playing cards.
Let's play cards.
What do you say to playing cards?
It is fun to play cards.
She says she wants to settle down.
Nobody should settle for less when they deserve more.
Settle down now!
I can settle this.
We have some things to settle.
Settle down.
You need to settle down.
Let's settle down.
They didn't settle the bill.
Playing cards is interesting.
I had fun playing cards with Joe.
Connection and love: We all want it. Most people settle for connection because loves too scary.
He can cut the cards well.
I dealt the cards.
I won't settle for anything less.
I wasn't sure that he would settle for anything less.
Please settle this account by October 28, 1998.
He says he wants to settle down.
He doesn't have the time to play cards.
Let the dust settle.
Let's settle down, people.
He's good at cards.
Don't you think it's time for you to settle down?
Alex and Catherine say that they want to settle down.
We need to settle this serious matter at once.
Why don't we settle the matter once and for all?
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
We moved into this house last month. We will settle down soon.
Take any two cards you like.
He says that he wants to settle down.
A blind man shouldn't play cards.
James says that he wants to settle down.
Have you chosen a topic?
Don't settle for less.
We need another person to play cards.
The birds are red.
I haven't played cards for so long.
Where is he going to settle down?
Muhammad knows I'm not the type to settle down.
All right, let's settle down.
Let's put all the cards on the table.
Adam knows that I'm not the type to settle down.
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends.
Catherine says she wants to settle down.
Let's all settle down here.
She looked at her cards.
She took thousands of pictures during her trip, but they were all bad.
I thought that I could settle it by phone.
Tommy took thousands of pictures.
He looked at his cards.
Thousands of families were left homeless.
Thousands of people died in Japan.
Alex took thousands of pictures during his vacation, but then never looked at them.
She laid her cards on the table.
Thousands died in Japan.
He laid his cards on the table.
Deal the cards, Oscar.
Thousands of other children were murdered in that war.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan each year.
She laid all her cards on the table.
He laid all his cards on the table.
We will settle once for all who is the best.
We played cards to kill time.
I'll settle things with William.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
Settle down!
Things need to settle down.
This deal is mine, so you need to just settle down and agree with me.
Why settle in Boston?
Oscar says he wants to settle down.
George is ready to settle down with Emma.
I'll settle with you later.
We were finally able to settle the matter.
You don't have to settle.
I'm not ready to settle down yet.
I'm not ready to settle down.
Can I interest you in a game of cards?
I don't feel like playing cards.
Oliver refused to settle down.
Play your cards right and Charlie might invite you to his party.
Deal us the cards.
You must not gamble at cards.
Fighting won't settle anything.
Playing cards is fun.
You have to settle down and study for the history test.
I want to settle down.
She wants to settle down and have children.
I think that will settle it.
Harry, Carmen, John and Alice often play cards together.
Joe cut the cards and started dealing.
I know how to settle this.
Let's all settle down.
Jami and Margaret burned their report cards.
What kind of birds do they have in Australia?
Let's play cards a while.
I've never seen so many birds at one time before.
James forced his way into Lucy's house.
I forced her to do my homework.
It's a fifteen minute walk from here to the campus.
William forced his way into the room.
No one forced you to do that.
Harry and Susie did that because they were forced to.
Nobody forced you to do that.
Charlie forced us to do that.
They passed time by playing cards.
He forced his way into the room.
Harry was forced to sell his farm.
I'm forced to agree with her.
She forced him to do it.
Oscar was forced to do some things that he didn't want to do.
Why don't we see if Harry wants to play cards with us?
I'm forced to agree with Tommy.
Were you forced to do that?
Who forced you to do that?
I am forced to do it.
Maria forced Harry to eat.
They said they were forced to do that.
Oscar forced me to go there.
He was forced to return to Washington.
Adam wasn't forced to do that.
William was forced to stay with friends.
The company was forced to lay off many employees.
It was a forced smile.
Dinner finished, they enjoyed playing cards.
I was forced to do that when I was younger.
They've been forced to turn tail.
After dinner, they enjoyed playing cards.
We're forced to look for another way out of this situation.
I'm not sure why they were forced to close the restaurant.
Do you prefer reading to cards?
You forced me into this.
In May, all birds lay an egg.
Can birds smell?
Muhammad doesn't know much about birds.
Cards are not in my line.
Jacob and Mary say birds wake them up every morning in the summer.
Please take care of my birds while I am away.
Your mental health is more important than your grades.
Who forced George to do that?
She didn't play cards, because she didn't like it.
Adam and Margaret like to get together and play cards.
I was forced to do that.
I forced him to go.
William and Eva gave me their cards.
I forced myself to stay awake.
I want to play cards.
Julia wouldn't be happy if we forced her to do that.
Oscar forced Monica to watch a video of a woman being gang-raped.
They sat around the table playing cards.
I was forced to self-publish my book.
He forced himself to speak.
Jacob played cards with Carmen.
I saw him playing cards with all of them.
The family is forced to live on his little salary.
Emma forced herself to speak.
When I was at school, left-handed kids were forced to write right-handed.
He forced me to go.
She said she was forced to do that.
Was George forced to do that?
I didn't resist the pressure they forced on me.
I was forced to take my medicine.
I want new business cards.
I was forced to take the drug against my will.
They forced him to resign.
I was forced to resign.
She forced herself to smile.
They forced him to give in to their opinion.
She forced herself to do that.
Harry said he was forced to do that.
I was forced to work on Sunday.
James was forced to do that.
I am forced to stay at home.
Muhammad wasn't being forced to do that.
Alex was forced to make a choice.
He didn't want to resign but he was forced into it.
He was forced to resign.
I was forced to pick a side.
You can't send Christmas cards to everyone.
Lay your cards on the table and give me a straight answer!
I was forced to do some things that I didn't want to do.
I was forced to leave.
Oliver was forced to do some things he didn't want to do.
Laur forced herself to do that.
Charlie wouldn't be happy if we forced him to do that.
I was forced to go to work on Sunday.
It takes fifteen minutes to walk from here to the campus.
I forced Charlie to do it.
Jack and Alice said they were forced to do that.
I was forced to come here, like you.
Lucy did that because she was forced to.
I didn't want to get married, but my parents forced me to.
I was forced to support his theory.
She forced him to eat his vegetables.
George forced himself to smile.
I forced him to carry the suitcase.
I was forced to do it.
I don't want to play cards.
He forced himself to smile.
I love playing cards.
He was finally forced to resign.
Jack and Mary were forced to sell their farm.
She forced me to go out with her.
Jack dealt the cards.
Charlie and Julia often play cards together.
I'm being forced to do that.
Show your cards.
They were forced to sell their farm.
We passed the time playing cards.
I don't like being forced to do anything.
Jacob forced himself to speak.
Charlie is being forced to do that.
She was forced to resign.
You should lay your cards out on the table.
"I'm not angry. Look, see this smiling face?" "That's what they call a forced smile!"
There's no sign of forced break-in.
We may be forced to leave.
We may be forced to do that.
I'm sorry I forced you to do that.
We finally forced George to admit it.
Let's play some cards.
Joe forced us to leave.
He forced himself to do that.
Charlie had fun playing cards with Valentina.
She forced herself to speak.
I like playing cards.
Alex and Alice forced themselves to do that.
Have you written all the New Year's cards already?
Mary received many beautiful birthday cards.
They are happy, because they see the birds in the tree near the window.
The mother cat went out hunting birds.
Not all birds can fly.
These birds move very quickly.
Birds fly under the clouds.
Catherine says birds wake her up every morning in the summer.
The birds' singing is pretty.
We used to play cards all day and night.
Oliver is holding all the cards.
Give way to the birds.
Birds are beautiful.
I heard birds singing outside my window.
Can all birds fly?
The birds sang.
The birds are singing.
The birds went across the sea.
What kind of birds are there in Australia?
These birds are beautiful.
Some beautiful birds fly above the trees.
"I'd like to play cards." "So would I."
Most birds have two legs and two wings.
Please deal the cards.
Adam likes to play cards.
The birds are singing in the trees.
Birds sing.
Playing cards is very interesting.
He likes to play cards.
The birds flew away in alarm when they saw the cat.
Muhammad looked at his cards.
These small birds move very quickly.
I am watching wild birds.
Birds fly.
I know a lot about birds.
These are birds.
Alex says birds wake him up every morning in the summer.
But what has this to do with birds!
The forest is full of birds and animals of all kinds.
I love watching birds.
I could hear birds singing outside my window.
Susie laid her cards on the table.
We had a good time playing cards.
"I'd like to talk to you about the birds and the bees, son." "What would you like to know, dad?"
There are many birds in this forest.
They burned their report cards.
Look at all those birds.
I watch the birds.
Those birds are beautiful, aren't they?
This is an outstanding performance.
Please let the captured birds go.
Birds have two feet.
Oscar's parents never told him about the birds and the bees.
In the morning, the birds started to sing.
Please free the captured birds.
There are many birds in this park.
Listen to the birds.
Tommy probably doesn't know a lot about birds.
The birds sang as only birds can sing on a bright spring morning.
This little girl let the birds escape.
In the park birds are singing all around.
They killed time playing cards.
How many Christmas cards did you send last year?
Just settle down.
There are many such birds in the park.
I didn't know that most birds can't see at night.
What kind of little birds are sitting up there on the little wall?
In the room there were four boys, who were playing cards.
We like to listen to birds singing.
I don't play cards.
Birds usually wake up early in the morning.
The little birds sang as if it were the one day of summer in all the year.
Joe, Lucy, John and Alice were sitting around the table, playing cards.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love.
Just imagine that we can fly like birds.
Before I knew it, I couldn't see the birds.
He wrote a book about birds.
Watching wild birds is a lot of fun.
How many Christmas cards did you send?
He knows how to catch birds.
How do birds fly?
There were a lot of birds in the tree.
Oliver is good at cards.
Birds flew away at the sound.
The birds were singing in the forest.
Jacob has written a book about birds.
Birds are warm-blooded.
Yesterday morning I saw many birds.
We played cards after dinner.
Watching wild birds is great fun.
William doesn't know a lot about birds.
Didn't you see any birds?
The eagle is king of birds.
How high can birds fly?
She wrote a book about birds.
Harry laid his cards on the table.
The people don't like the birds.
Why do birds have wings?
What color are the birds?
The noise keeps the birds away.
How wings help birds fly?
I don't know much about birds.
Listen to the birds sing.
The trees were full of birds.
I saw a few birds fly away.
The birds took off.
Birds were singing up in the tree.
Birds often fly together.
Birds fly with their wings.
Let's play cards instead.
Birds lay eggs.
So what are birds actually?
It's in the cards for her to buy a car soon.
Alex, Valentina, John and Alice all looked at their cards at the same time.
I saw some birds take off.
Men, dogs, fish, and birds are all animals.
Those birds sound lovely.
It's fifteen minutes' walk from here to the campus.
They looked at their cards.
Do you hear the sound of the birds?
They laid their cards on the table.
Didn't you see my birds?
Birds were singing among the trees.
He saw brightly-colored birds, flowers and leaves.
My birds can't sing.
Muhammad scared the birds away.
The man shot three birds with a gun.
Birds are singing here and there in the park.
You caught three birds.
They laid all their cards on the table.
Birds are singing in the trees.
All birds have wings.
The birds' beautiful singing was heard among the trees.
Some kinds of birds can't fly.
Did you see any birds?
How many kinds of birds are in your garden?
I listened to the music of birds.
James is starting to settle down.
I didn't send any Christmas cards this year.
Now settle down.
This cloth is very thick.
Joe has gambling debts.
We don't require assistance at this time.
He paid off his gambling debts.
Eric is on our soccer team.
Depending on your location, there's a chance of snow.
I wonder how figure-skaters are able to keep from being dizzy when they spin really fast.
Praise be to Allah!
These computers are different types.
He is a Russian by birth.
These are different types of computers.
Jami attached the trailer to his car.
He attached the trailer to his car.
Please wait in the waiting room until the inspection results are ready.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
He said he had to work on Saturday.
He was blind from birth.
Actually we wanted to go to the movies on Saturday, but we changed our mind and stayed at home.
He is German by birth.
Why didn't you turn up on Saturday?
"How long will you remain in New York?" "Until Saturday."
They were pleased at the birth of their first child.
They wash their car every Saturday.
Saturday is a great day.
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday.
We hope that you go to the meeting on Saturday night.
Saturday was special.
Oscar believes in life after birth.
She said she had to work on Saturday.
Harry and Alice spent all Saturday morning together.
On Saturday we went to the movies, then to the restaurant.
I don't require assistance.
She paid off her gambling debts.
The meeting will be held at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday.
Have you tasted such good soup before?
I tasted the soup.
She gave birth to a son.
Alex tasted the soup and said it was delicious.
Last month our 25-year-old daughter gave birth to a girl.
I don't use birth control.
Have you tasted Valentina's soup?
He gave birth to a brilliant idea.
My cat catches birds.
Dan tasted the soup and said it was delicious.
Write down your date of birth here.
She will give birth in July.
After your death you will be what you were before your birth.
Have you ever tasted such a good soup?
Harry found his birth mother after a five-year search.
I require your assistance.
We require no assistance.
I'll call you if I require your assistance.
Dan paid up all his gambling debts.
His wife gave birth to a baby, who was born healthy.
Eva paid off her gambling debts.
Do you require assistance?
Alex paid off his gambling debts.
Charlie has been blind since birth.
She is an American by birth.
Birth is, in a manner, the beginning of death.
Do you require any further assistance?
Tommy has finally paid back all his gambling debts.
Dan paid off his gambling debts.
If you return to your country of birth, you will be free and will become happy.
I have gambling debts.
I don't go to school Saturday.
He isnt blind from birth.
Shall you be going to the meeting on Saturday?
They said that they had to work on Saturday.
I'd like for Adam to tell you who he was with on Saturday night.
Today is Saturday.
It was a Saturday night.
You do not need to go to the office on Saturday.
I do not need to go to the office on Saturday.
I'll be there on Saturday.
The girl hired by the shop to attract customers is quite cute and every time I go there I end up buying a lot of things.
We're invited to dinner next Saturday.
She used to play tennis on Saturday afternoon.
I'm busy on Saturday.
My dad's free on Saturday.
Write the date of your birth.
I work every day except Saturday.
They said they had to work on Saturday.
Monica said she had to work on Saturday.
He often eats out on Saturday nights.
The shop is open from Monday to Saturday.
What are you doing Saturday night?
Saturday is when my father is free.
The 7th day of the week is Saturday.
The oldest woman in the village was the one who picked his name at birth.
Would you like to go fishing on Saturday afternoon?
She has been blind from birth.
Saturday is when I am least busy.
Would you consider taking care of my children next Saturday?
Would you care to come and see me on Saturday?
Christmas fell on Saturday that year.
Give birth in a tree.
How about going to the movies on Saturday?
I use birth control.
A dinner will be given next Saturday.
Do you want to go out dancing with me on Saturday night?
I'm not going to school on Saturday.
I wish that every day were Saturday.
You usually went to the theater on Saturday.
I have plans for Saturday night.
I don't work on either Saturday or Sunday.
I wish every day were Saturday.
Happy Saturday.
She gave birth to a pretty baby girl last week.
What if all days were Saturday?
Do you work on Saturday as well?
I'm getting married next Saturday.
The woman gave birth to a son.
You don't need to come to work Saturday.
Jack's great-grandfather was blind from birth.
He is a Greek by birth.
I have plans Saturday night.
Sunday comes after Saturday.
It's Saturday night.
Are you open on Saturday?
I wonder what a person blind from birth thinks of when they hear the words "blue" or "green".
Olivia gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
Is today Saturday?
What's your date of birth?
After the birth of your child, you should make your work part-time.
Don't forget to bring your lunch on Saturday.
On Saturday nights, it's difficult to find parking around here.
You've given birth to a healthy baby boy.
The woman gave birth to a baby girl.
Do you have Saturday off?
I can't think about anything else since Saturday night.
She gave birth to her grandmother.
Your birth was an accident.
Which cat just gave birth?
It's the best chicken soup I've ever tasted in my life.
She has given birth to five children.
Have you ever sung for an audience?
Both Charlie and Anna were in the audience.
Alex had a large audience at his concert last night.
There was a large audience at the theater.
Charlie and Monica were both in the audience.
There was a large audience in the theater.
The audience sang along with Jacob.
There was a large audience at yesterday's concert.
You've been a good audience.
You've been a great audience.
The audience were excited by the show.
The audience looked confused.
Olivia is in the audience, isn't she?
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
Have you ever sung before an audience?
English is quite often the language of choice when speaking to an international audience.
What do you think the audience wants?
How large is the audience?
His speech held the attention of the audience.
There is only a small audience today.
The speech was well received by the audience.
Lucy is going to give birth to a daughter.
Have you ever spoken to an English speaking audience?
He is well off, and what is more, he is of good birth.
Because of the rain, the audience at the concert was small.
I think William has the right to get to know his birth parents.
The audience laughed.
What is your date of birth?
The hero's speech touched the entire audience.
She gave birth to a fine healthy baby.
His speech went down well with the audience.
Charlie said that the audience was huge.
James is in the audience.
The girl is blind from birth.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
I have had a slight headache since last night.
I had a slight headache last night.
Olivia gave birth to a daughter.
The audience went wild.
Lucy is going to give birth to a son.
His audience is falling off these days.
The audience walked out of the theater, looking bored.
Anna gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
The audience was close to a thousand.
The audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin.
There was a large audience in the room.
The play pleased the audience.
Is the audience listening?
Neither Harry nor Valentina was in the audience.
Does anyone in the audience have any questions?
We had a large audience.
Oliver removed his disguise.
I'll answer questions from the audience.
George and Olivia are in the audience.
I'll take questions from the audience.
How many people do you think are in the audience?
She tries to make a good text for the audience.
Does anybody in the audience have any questions?
I get nervous when I speak before a large audience.
As she sang with all her heart, the audience was deeply moved.
He tries to make a good text for the audience.
Everybody in the audience sang along.
Who will be the first to live until the birth of his great-great-great-grandson?
The movie thrilled the entire audience.
I think Oscar has the right to meet his birth parents.
She gave birth to a daughter.
Many people in the audience didn't understand your joke.
There was a small audience in the hall.
Please keep me informed of whatever happens in my absence.
I think the audience thought I was funny.
Oliver saw Laur in the audience.
I gave birth to my first child last year.
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.
I cannot sing in front of an audience for shame.
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
Tommy wanted an audience.
Please write your date of birth here.
I must organize my thoughts.
She had to speak before a large audience.
You're such a lovely audience.
Eva is about to give birth.
The lecture on the budget was very interesting.
Jacob handed his cellphone to Emma.
Fortune favors the brave.
Oliver took questions from the audience.
Fortune favors the prepared mind.
Please keep me informed about whatever happens in my absence.
When was the last time you gave birth?
The Pony Express lasted only 18 months.
This hall holds a maximum of 1,000 people.
Don't attempt two projects at a time.
One day I will get married and give birth, but for now I want to live for myself.
Susie handed her cellphone to Harry.
There is a birth in the family.
Nobody believed Kevin because all he ever told were tall stories.
We must go back to the Middle Ages to trace the origin.
I don't salute your flag.
I don't salute their flag.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
I did not give birth to a son for the war.
Mrs. Smith gave birth to her second child.
He has been blind from birth.
The audience looked bored.
Where did you give them birth?
The entire audience sang along with us.
Jack was in the audience.
I was in the audience.
Please write down your date of your birth.
There must've been a large audience at the concert.
The audience was very quiet.
He began to address the audience slowly.
The whole audience sang along with us.
There was a large audience at the concert.
The audience sang along with us.
Jacob is in the audience, isn't he?
He couldn't speak because the audience was too noisy.
The audience was very large.
The audience began to laugh.
The audience seems to feel bored.
Jacob and Margaret were in the audience.
Monica gave birth to a healthy baby boy.
Jacob might not want to sing in front of such a large audience.
Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.
Anna gave birth to a son.
He removed his disguise.
May I have your birth date?
The audience were all foreigners.
The audience kept time to the music.
The audience is young.
She removed her disguise.
The audience went crazy.
We have a big audience tonight.
We want to go to the beach in his car on Saturday.
It is Saturday.
They say they want to settle down.
Adam laid all his cards on the table.
Muhammad comes here almost every Saturday.
What time do you usually get up on Saturday?
I saw an exciting baseball game last Saturday.
I went shopping last Saturday.
On Saturday, we went to the movies and then to a restaurant.
I'm looking for someone to mind my son on Saturday.
I will be free next Saturday.
Tommy doesn't go to his office on Saturday.
It's Saturday today.
She is going to visit her grandmother on Saturday.
They go into town every Saturday.
Jacob should be out of the hospital by next Saturday.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
A lot of birthday cards will arrive soon.
We killed time playing cards.
Let's play cards after dinner.
Who said it was Saturday today? Today's Sunday!
Let's play cards while we're waiting.
James dealt five cards to each player.
Every Saturday we clean the whole house.
The party's on Saturday.
This screw is loose.
He can't be smart if he can screw up something like that.
Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Joe.
Harry and I killed time playing cards.
Deal the cards.
We were over at Jack's place last night playing cards.
It is in the cards that he will succeed.
George and Catherine send each other Christmas cards every year.
Go screw yourself!
Few students are interested in the game next Saturday.
The show is on Saturday.
I've got mine, so screw you.
Were you at the theater last Saturday?
I'm leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning.
We're having a party next Saturday.
I'm living proof you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
I'm living proof that you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
It's Saturday so I don't have to get up for school tomorrow.
Today is Saturday, the twenty-first of October.
Joe said that he had to work on Saturday.
I saw that film on Saturday.
I like sweet and sour soup.
The best way to do this is to have all the presents collected in one place until everyone has arrived.
George and Margaret are in the living room playing cards.
Jami asked Eva where she planned to be on Saturday evening.
Not a few students came to the concert last Saturday.
Do you like playing cards?
It has been raining since last Saturday.
The show's Saturday.
We played cards last night.
Do you enjoy playing cards with your brother?
I'll see you Saturday.
Charlie, Laur, John and I often play cards together.
Let's get ready for Saturday.
I can't believe that you wouldn't enjoy playing cards with me and my friends.
Tomorrow is Saturday.
I saw that movie on Saturday.
I don't suppose you'd still have last Saturday's paper?
I should have let her win but I had too good cards.
Jack and Emma always play tennis on Saturday morning.
Do you want to play cards and watch the game tomorrow?
We played tennis after school every Saturday.
Jami laid his cards down on the table with a smile.
Don't screw it up!
If I screw up, what's the worst that can happen?
This town gave birth to several great men.
Maybe I will settle down with a woman.
The dose makes the poison.
There's a new restaurant on Cherry Avenue.
We are only separated by the Pacific Ocean.
Let's settle this like men.
He was forced to work.
Do you have any ideas on how we can settle this matter?
He could not settle down to sleep.
Adam and Susie say they want to settle down.
I will also go to settle this matter.
Tommy sent all his friends Christmas cards.
I thought I could settle it by phone.
Alex sent Christmas cards to all his friends.
We'll settle on that.
Oliver is playing cards with Laur.
Jacob and I are playing cards.
The mountains in this part of the country are full of variety.
I can't settle for this boring life.
What part of the country did they settle in?
Wait until the tea leaves settle to the bottom.
Joe tried to settle the matter with Alice.
Did you settle the bill?
I don't want to settle for second best.
However the air's bad in Tokyo, and there are too many people so I can't settle down.
They say that they want to settle down.
I am never going to settle down in one place.
There will be a lot of birthday cards sent soon.
Settle down you two.
The country that I hope to move to and settle down in is Turkey.
They found it easy to settle in the United States.
Let's settle this now.
Let's play cards instead of watching television.
Oliver was stabbed to death by someone on the subway.
Where is the other screw?
Don't screw with me!
Screw the boys.
Screw you!
I think that there's probably not a person in this country that hasn't turned a screw.
He cheated me at cards.
I'll screw everything up.
The cards are laid on the table.
You're going to screw this up.
I don't have the time to play cards with you today.
He doesn't screw anything up.
How small a screw do you need?
Screw it in tight.
I forgot to send New Year's cards to my friends.
Jack is playing cards with Laur and John.
A screw's missing.
Screw the rules; I have money!
Where's the Polish embassy?
His heart was torn by sorrow.
Jami and his friends were playing cards.
Don't screw me over!
A cat appeared from behind the curtain.
The sniper picked off his victims one by one.
Oliver regrets stopping.
He begins to sketch no matter where he is.
I knew James was almost deaf, so I spoke as loudly as I could.
I knew that Joe was almost deaf, so I spoke as loudly as I could.
Everybody deals with grief differently.
Earth is surrounded by sea water but if rain fails people will starve.
George was stabbed by someone on the subway.
Would you like to join us for a game of cards?
Oliver was stabbed by somebody on the subway.
Each family member is at home on Saturday morning.
We must hand in a history paper by next Saturday.
Please turn in your report by next Saturday.
Are you willing to work on Saturday and Sunday this week?
Did you go to Harry's party last Saturday?
I work for three hours every Saturday morning.
I go out with Carmen almost every Saturday.
I think that Jami has the right to get to know his birth parents.
Jacob doesn't know his date of birth.
Charlie took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
What are you doing here on a Saturday?
She gave birth to a baby boy.
Will you be there Saturday?
It would be good to call us on Saturday.
We cannot finish it before Saturday even if everything goes well.
I think that William has the right to meet his birth parents.
Alice gave birth to a boy she named Tommy.
Could you check what movies are playing next Saturday?
Why couldn't you come on Saturday?
My father took my brothers and I to the zoo last Saturday.
What if every day were Saturday?
Please return these books by Saturday.
Even if all goes well, we still can't finish before Saturday.
Is tomorrow Saturday?
Last Saturday, our kids played in the park near the lake.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful daughter.
She is of French birth.
I don't have a date for the Saturday night.
Adam and Monica said that they had to work on Saturday.
Jami and Margaret said they had to work on Saturday.
She will give birth soon.
How to attract and keep new customers for a small business?
Apple trees bloom in spring.
The apple trees bloom in the spring.
Tommy went out with Valentina on Friday night and with Alice on Saturday night.
I go to school on Saturday.
I travel to all parts of the globe.
He doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
He is an excellent piano player. In addition, he is a good singer and a very good dancer.
Do you want to see a movie Saturday night?
Saturday is the last day of the week.
I forget to write my date of birth.
Saturday comes before Sunday.
We have five classes every day except Saturday.
How's Saturday night?
She gave birth to a healthy baby.
It was Saturday night.
She had two beautiful girls at one birth.
I make it a rule to read books in the library on Saturday.
Do you go to school on Saturday?
Saturday is the day when he is free.
She gave birth on Monday to her first child.
She spends every Saturday afternoon playing tennis.
Oliver doesn't have a date for the Saturday night.
Carmen removed her disguise.
I play guitar with a band every Saturday night.
She's supposed to give birth this month.
You can't pick your birth parents.
I can't go on Saturday.
We don't go to school on Saturday.
Oliver has been out of town since last Saturday.
Her mother died in the same hospital she had given birth.
Alex has been blind from birth.
After Saturday comes Sunday.
I'm going to the party Saturday night.
It's Saturday.
She will give birth to a child next month.
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
George almost never works on Saturday.
Harry said he had to work on Saturday.
I so want to take you with me to the sea on Saturday.
We play soccer every Saturday.
Why won't they release Catherine?
Why won't they release Jacob?
I work from Monday through Saturday.
I come every day except Saturday and Sunday.
Saturday is his day off.
I forgot that today was Saturday.
I went to the park last Saturday.
Is death the only release?
After I sign these release papers, you'll be on your way.
Today is Saturday and tomorrow will be Sunday.
It's Saturday so I don't have to get up for work tomorrow.
"How about going to the movies on Saturday?" "I'd like to go."
Alex expected Lucy to show up on Saturday afternoon.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
We expect him to show up on Saturday afternoon.
Dan printed thousands of pages of articles from the Internet.
Will it be Saturday tomorrow?
The police said they were going to release George.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
They were attacking people, not peaceful people.
I want to introduce you to my parents next Saturday.
Charlie might go to the zoo with Lucy this coming Saturday.
I spent that Saturday afternoon watching TV.
I spent Saturday afternoon watching entirely too much TV.
They won't play tennis this Saturday.
Let's clean the entire office next Saturday.
How about playing tennis next Saturday?
How about next Saturday?
Please leave next Saturday afternoon free.
James doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
Yesterday was Saturday.
On Saturday, Joe is having a party in his garden.
There is every promise of the boy's release.
We always play tennis on Saturday morning.
Please come to my house next Saturday if you care to.
Since my mother was sick, I couldn't leave the house last Saturday.
Saturday is the last day of week.
I'm afraid that you're going to have to release Muhammad.
Don't release that dog.
I've forgotten whether it was Saturday or Sunday.
The official start is on Saturday.
There were too many people at the concert last Saturday.
It sounds like you will have class on Saturday as well.
They refused to release the hostages.
Kill my heart and release my pain!
It was going to be from Saturday, but, with one thing and another, it ended up being from the new week.
The company will release the new drug next month.
Release him!
My father is free on Saturday.
I've been here since Saturday.
She doesn't have to go to school on Saturday.
She can make an appointment for you for Saturday.
I wonder how much the PS4 will be on its release.
I'll release you.
Release Harry.
I'll be off duty at noon on Saturday.
I'm afraid you're going to have to release Jack.
Release him.
You should turn in your paper by next Saturday.
Today is Saturday, the 14th of October.
The wedding will take place on Saturday.
We are going to have a party on Saturday night.
I'm going to release you.
They were forced to leave the house against their will.
Olivia said that she'd been forced to do that.
They spent their time playing cards.
I would take this brown tie.
William has short brown hair.
We had a flat tire on the way here.
She cut off all her beautiful long brown hair and dressed herself in boy's clothes.
I owe what I am today to Dr. Brown, who saved my life.
Put your hands flat on the table.
I offered to fix Jacob's flat tire.
The world is flat.
I had a flat tire on my way to work.
Oliver has no intentions of marrying Alice.
Mr. Brown is our English teacher.
Valentina has beautiful brown eyes.
Alex's flat was small.
Jane spent a very flat weekend.
Jami pulled out a sandwich from a brown paper bag.
The bread is brown.
My bicycle has got a flat tire.
People once believed the world was flat.
His shoes are brown.
This is Alex's flat.
The earth is flat.
Life is very flat in a small village.
His hair was brown.
The child believes that the earth is flat.
Muhammad wasn't wearing a brown coat.
It is not right to keep a dog in a flat.
Does Jack have a key to Valentina's flat?
May I talk to Mr. Brown?
William is convinced that the earth is flat.
I've got a flat tire.
The beer has gone flat.
I got a flat tire on my way to work.
Lack of oxygen is fatal to most animals.
She was wearing dark brown shoes.
I saw the boy in brown shoes.
They have brown skin and black hair.
Joe and Olivia both have brown hair.
Muhammad has brown hair and blue eyes.
I took you for Mrs. Brown.
She was a Brown before she got married.
Focus on the present.
The dog is brown, small and thin.
Please print this email only if necessary.
I'm trying to get you to focus here.
That's the point you should focus on.
This will require a huge investment of time and money.
Olivia has big brown eyes.
Oliver has light brown hair.
Is Mr. Brown a doctor?
I just proposed a new version.
I am not as young as Miss Brown.
Do you think that these figures accurate?
Oscar is accurate at figures.
This cat is brown.
Brown himself did not want to escape.
Do you know Professor Brown by any chance?
Who designed these uniforms?
Do you happen to know a man by the name of Brown?
Who's the woman in the brown coat?
Oliver handed the document to Laur.
This is the letter written by Mr. Brown.
I heard John speak to Mr. Brown.
Adam handed Julia the document.
The wind of the autumn night was dancing with the brown leaves.
The end goal seems toxic to my being.
My hair is light brown.
My flat is on the third floor.
He has brown hair.
I think my tire is flat.
Wear flat, rubber-soled shoes.
Harry lay flat on the floor.
One of the cats is black, the other is brown.
Please give me the number for Mr. Brown.
Has the flat got a garden?
Let me introduce you to Mr. Brown.
In the past it was thought the world was flat.
Susie noticed that one chair in Joe's flat was not in the same place anymore as it had been the day before.
Is there a telephone in the flat?
This child believes that the earth is flat.
Has the flat got a garage?
The top of the hill is flat.
I want a flat stomach.
In the past the world was thought to be flat.
The cat is brown.
I got a flat tire.
Charlie keeps his important papers in a brown leather case.
I'd like you to meet Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown gave me your name.
Please put me through to Mr. Brown.
Adam gave Margaret $1,000 in a brown paper bag.
How is your new flat?
Jami believes that the Earth is flat.
I know that the Earth is not flat.
Jami fell flat on the floor.
I got a flat tire on the way to work today.
My car has a flat tire.
It is right to keep a dog in a flat.
I'm running a little short on time, so I can only go out and buy flat bread and bread sticks.
They fixed the flat tire by themselves.
We got a flat tire.
Mr. Brown has four children.
My tire's flat.
She fixed the flat tire by herself.
Did you ever try keeping your flat completely free from dust?
The dog is brown, small, and thin.
He gave me a flat answer.
In ancient times people believed that the earth was flat.
The woman on the bench is Mrs. Brown.
We have a house in the country as well as a flat in London.
I'd prefer a brown one.
Do you have your own flat?
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
I'm looking for a hat to match a brown dress.
I got a flat tire on my way home.
They believed that the earth was flat.
He lives alone in his flat.
You have a flat.
He lives in a flat.
Look at that cat. It is Mr. Brown's.
I was flat on my back for a week with a terrible cold.
Joe is the guy over there with brown hair.
Olivia called me to tell me that she has a flat tire.
One tire looks a little flat.
Her flat is always clean.
Your tire is flat.
We got a flat.
He was too clever for me and I was done brown.
People once held that the world was flat.
Harry has a flat in London.
He fixed the flat tire by himself.
I think he's Mr. Brown.
Alex is wearing dark brown shoes.
Do you really need to print this email?
William has shoulder-length brown hair.
The post office is that brown building.
Focus your attention on the really important things.
Can you do me a tiny favor?
Jack lives in a tiny house.
I can speak a tiny bit of French.
My office is tiny.
Adam has tiny feet.
My house is tiny.
Jacob's room is tiny.
You're so tiny.
We have just a tiny bit of garden.
The last time you saw her, she was just a tiny baby.
Fifty families live in this tiny village.
Tommy has brown hair.
He came from a tiny mountain town.
There is only one tiny difference.
We can be busy with so many things, that we lose our focus.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
How do you decide what to focus on?
That brown hat is old.
I kind of lost my focus.
What should we focus on?
A Mr. Brown came to see you when you were out.
I don't have brown hair.
We must focus.
She tried to bring the flowers into focus.
Emma wore a dark brown dress.
I can't seem to focus on work at all today.
Focus!
Can we please focus here?
Adam eats brown rice more often than white rice.
Let's focus on what needs to be done today.
The baby held out his tiny hand.
Jacob's torch died on him before he could get out of the cave.
Do I have to focus it?
The baby wrapped his tiny hand around Joe's finger.
I've been told I'm a pig.
You think that she is beautiful probably because your hair is brown. Her hair is black.
Oscar is such a disgusting pig.
Oliver was wearing a brown coat.
Don't be such a pig.
Do you think that brown hair is very beautiful?
Some scientists believe that our first contact with extra-terrestrial life will occur in the next decade or so.
This hat does match the brown dress.
Dan took a position at a respectable law firm.
Charlie has a tiny head.
Sir, the water is brown.
Did you see a brown wallet around here?
The post office is the brown building.
Oliver has tiny hands.
Oscar's apartment is tiny.
There's just one tiny problem.
She has tiny feet.
My apartment is tiny.
Mr. Brown took charge of this class last year.
I have brown eyes and black hair.
Tiny mistakes can sometimes lead to big trouble.
Can I have a tiny bit?
We made just one tiny little mistake.
That cat is brown.
The brown rice is still cooking.
Tommy was wearing dark brown shoes.
We came by a tiny village on our way to the country.
I was tiny.
Anna is already 25 years old, but she has a tiny voice.
There's a tiny amount of milk left in the bottle.
What might Jack look like? Can he be tall? Does he have brown hair? Does he wear glasses?
He has given up running in order to focus on the long jump.
Don't look back. Focus on the future.
You have to focus.
Brown is not her natural hair color.
Focus on the present moment, not on the past or the future.
The lower your self-esteem, the more you tend to focus on negative things.
This picture is out of focus.
Let's focus on getting this done.
Today we're going to focus on the question of homeless people.
The picture of the tower was out of focus.
Tommy has lost his focus.
This picture is a little out of focus.
We have to focus.
We need better focus.
Focus on what you can control.
I need to focus on work.
Try to focus.
Please consider the environment - do you really need to print this email?
Today I can't focus on my work.
Please just focus it.
I want you focus on the here and now.
I believe that people tend to focus on the wrong things.
I need to focus.
Don't lose focus.
Mr. Brown is looking for his glasses.
I need you to focus and listen to me.
I can't focus on two things at the same time.
That's a little out of focus.
You need to focus on getting better.
Mr. Brown is in charge of our class.
Let's try not to lose focus.
The focus of the talk is put on the content.
Let's not lose focus.
Which do you like better, white rice or brown rice?
Focus on the present moment.
I'm going to focus on my job.
Focus.
We have to have focus.
My favorite color is brown.
How can a change of attitude be achieved?
The man you met yesterday was Mr. Brown.
I think I like eating white rice better than brown rice.
There's a small brown dog under the table.
What was your primary focus while you were in college?
Adam needs to focus on getting that done.
There's a small brown dog under this table.
If you focus on the smoke, heavy fire damage is likely.
I find it hard to focus.
Joe can barely focus.
He's on good terms with Mr. Brown.
I want to focus on that.
Let's focus on that.
How do you decide where to focus your efforts?
That'll give us the focus we need.
She wants to minor in philosophy.
I have brown eyes.
Her face is in focus.
I tried to focus my attention on reading.
You have to focus on your kids.
I want to focus on the future.
Alex gave Eva a $1000 in a brown paper bag.
I really need to focus on this.
I'll focus on one problem at a time.
Let's focus on what we have in common.
While you drive, you should focus on the road.
You should focus on the road when you drive.
I was flat broke.
Is there someplace around here that can fix a flat tire?
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr. Brown.
I would like to be your pen pal.
American English isn't better than British English.
Of all the forms of government, democracy is the least bad.
British films are better than American films.
She's on good terms with Mr. Brown.
I'll visit Mr. Brown tomorrow.
It is said that some British people like a Japanese-style room.
The tall woman is listening to the brown horse.
I think I'll brown bag it this week.
The British government is against the plan.
I'm British.
George has a brown hat.
MI6 is a British secret service.
Can you take us to the British Museum?
They're brown.
Jack is a pal of mine.
I get motion sickness.
I have brown hair.
Are you thirsty, pal?
William's hair is brown.
I have a pen pal in Australia.
His salary increased by ten percent.
He had dark brown hair.
I remember that James was wearing a brown hat.
He announced his engagement to Miss Brown.
Hey pal. I just want to help you.
His salary was increased by ten percent.
My dog's brown.
I want a light brown coat.
I remember Jack was wearing a brown hat.
I want a pen pal.
Some of my best friends are British.
Who is that woman in the brown coat?
I want brown shoes, not black ones.
The British and the French came around, took a map and drew up a few lines here and there.
She was British.
She is British.
We met Mrs. Brown at the theater.
They shot at the British from behind trees.
Put it in a brown paper bag.
He is proud of being a British subject.
He was British.
The brown horse is fast.
A big crowd of people collected to watch the festival.
Please use British English in your text.
Born in England, he speaks British English.
Who is that woman with the brown coat?
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
He is British.
The British government was angry.
Which is brown?
Jacob is British.
The British defeated the French.
Ms. Brown seems to be an actress.
This funny-looking car must be British.
While in London, he visited the British Museum.
They would be killed if captured by the British.
Let's get the low-down on the British Museum for our trip.
She's British.
Do you know who the British Ambassador to Japan is?
Do you sell first aid items here?
The British started to attack from across the river.
Jami wrapped the package with brown paper.
James had motion sickness.
Don't you know Mr. Brown?
You took the words right out of my mouth, pal.
It is said that he also invented concrete.
This coffee is brown.
I'm going to Boston next week for a job interview.
Tommy Jackson said in an interview yesterday that he thought his team would win.
Can we interview him?
I earned a bachelor's degree.
Harry has a job interview on Monday.
Oscar rides a bike to work.
She rides her bike to school.
I honestly didn't know Jami would be here.
Muhammad had a job interview on Monday.
The interview is in German and I can't understand a word of it.
Oliver had a job interview yesterday afternoon.
Can we interview them?
I have an interview today at 2:30.
I honestly don't care.
He had a job interview in English.
Did the interview go well?
Who's that woman with the brown coat?
It wasn't a job interview.
Do you honestly think Harry has a chance to win?
She agreed to give us an interview.
He was satisfied with the interview.
I have to have an interview before taking the examination.
Can you honestly imagine that happening?
They agreed to give us an interview.
I did read the interview.
I'd like to interview James.
Oliver came in for an interview.
I did well at the interview!
It was a strange interview.
I can honestly say it wasn't me.
We ran out of time and had to cut short the interview.
You'll have to play it by ear at the interview.
Jacob had a job interview this morning.
I had a job interview this morning.
I saw the interview.
Miss Brown has gotten used to eating Japanese food.
"Hey, pal, are you thinking what I think you think I'm thinking, or are you thinking what you thought I've been thinking?" "Wait, who are you anyway?"
Thank you for helping me, pal.
I just wanted to stop you and tell you how glorious your beard is.
Harry has a pen pal in Australia.
Julia is wearing a brown coat and long bronze-coloured boots.
She hung beautiful curtains over the window.
What he said in his interview makes sense.
Eva has long, dark hair and brown eyes.
He wasn't in a position to give any interview.
The piano was made of beautiful, dark brown wood.
Who's that woman in the brown coat?
My hair is brown.
He has a brown horse.
I was at a job interview.
I have a job interview this morning.
These cotton socks bear washing well.
Our neighbor has two brown dogs.
I have a job interview at two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
Would you like to come in for an interview next week?
Tommy still hasn't dug up the potatoes.
Have you dug up the potatoes?
Have you dug up potatoes?
Adam dug up the potatoes.
He confessed his guilt.
Do you plan on taking part in the interview?
Alex confessed his guilt.
Were you nervous during the job interview?
I have a job interview I need to get ready for.
The British experienced many problems fighting the war.
He's British.
Why did you buy a British car?
I helped Tommy find a flat.
Some people still believe that the world is flat.
Tommy has brown eyes.
The leaves go brown in fall.
Tommy has dark brown hair.
Tommy is lying flat on the floor, face up.
How much do you charge to fix a flat tire?
There's a telephone call from a person named Brown.
A Mr. Brown wants you on the phone.
William was lying flat on his back on a hospital bed.
Mr. Brown made his son learn Chinese.
Can anyone fix a flat tire?
He laid himself flat on the floor.
James got a flat tire on his way to work.
Mr. Brown is teaching his son Chinese.
Harry wants to convince me that the Earth is flat, but I can't believe him.
I have a flat tire.
She has green eyes and light brown hair.
There is a small brown dog under that table.
Muhammad found a nice flat for Valentina.
The tire on my bicycle is flat.
Maria has long, dark hair and brown eyes.
She has brown eyes.
I had brown hair when I was younger.
The big shirt is brown.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
Do you have a bucket of water for me by any chance? I have a flat tire.
My bicycle has a flat.
My flat isn't far from here.
She got a flat tire on her way home.
My flat is near here.
You don't have brown eyes.
William had to walk to school today because his bicycle had a flat tire.
I have flat feet.
It was flat.
I'll visit Mr. Brown's house tomorrow.
He has brown eyes.
Jacob and Valentina called me to tell me that they have a flat tire.
People used to think the earth was flat.
Tommy's dog is brown.
It looks like we've got a flat tire.
My shirt isn't brown.
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?
Since the flat is actually a hotel, will the room be cleaned every day?
The car is brown.
When I was at their place last time, they were living in a small, two-roomed flat.
Her joke fell flat.
The joke fell completely flat.
Now I'm flat broke!
She wasn't beautiful, but she had big, kind brown eyes and a sweet smile.
Do you have flat feet?
The top of that mountain is flat.
The flat is on fire.
Brown is our English teacher.
Jami was wearing a brown leather jacket.
Jami sat in his flat in the dark, listening to sad songs and crying after he and Laur broke up.
I live in a flat above a shop.
That brown one is mine, too.
She made an effort at joking but it fell quite flat.
Joe fixed the flat tire by himself.
I live in a flat.
Adam lives in a brown house.
I have lost my keys so I can't get into my flat
My shoes are brown.
The storm laid the village flat.
Do we have to lie flat on the ground?
What's the difference between American and British English?
The earth is round, not flat.
Jack and Mary fixed the flat tire by themselves.
It used to be thought that the earth was flat.
I'm walking because my bicycle has a flat tire.
My flat has a large living room.
My flat has a big living room.
The patient is lying flat on her back.
Harry wants a dark brown coat.
Lucy fixed the flat tire by herself.
James eats a lot of brown rice.
He looked out of his brown eyes at the man that had just decided his future.
They're happy with their new flat.
My husband, my son and I each have a key to the flat.
Do you have a flat or a house?
You have a beautiful flat.
The man in the flat next to Jacob is quite odd.
The brown hat is old.
I found a flat.
She has brown shoes.
My father wants an efficient assistant to help him.
I have already given you many opportunities, but you never knew how to take advantage of them.
He has brown shoes.
What is a typical British dinner?
The book is brown.
I'd like some motion sickness medicine for children.
Laur has long brown hair.
I don't understand British humor.
They expected the British to win.
I am British.
The older daughter wants to be British.
Leaves go brown in autumn.
He fell flat on the floor.
Life has been so flat since I came here.
Harry's flat is small.
When I returned home from my work, I found out that somebody had robbed our flat.
Jami is wearing brown shoes.
Can you help me fix my flat tire?
Shit! I've got a flat.
Some of them are red; others are brown.
Oscar walked Julia to her flat.
He lives in his own flat.
Could you please fix this flat tire?
Would you have time to fix this flat tire now?
He gets on well with Mr. Brown.
Some people believe that the world is flat.
Jack has long brown hair.
We rent the flat.
James just called me to tell me he'd be late because he has a flat tire.
William fell flat on his face.
See if you can make my hair lie flat.
Emily has brown hair.
James called me to tell me that he has a flat tire.
Can you fix the flat tire now?
People used to think that the earth was flat.
Isn't it flat?
Do you know Mr. Brown?
Jack has flat feet.
This truck has a flat tire.
The leaves turn brown in the autumn.
My flat is near.
My bicycle has a flat tire.
I'm very happy with my new flat.
Do you happen to know Professor Brown?
The joke fell flat.
George is a pig.
Don't eat like a pig!
He was forced to work part-time to study abroad.
I'm here because Jack ordered me to be here.
I don't enjoy his society.
Oliver ordered a cup of tea.
She ordered one.
Jami ordered a glass of orange juice and a cup of coffee.
Accidents have been rare.
She ordered him not to give orders.
I don't care what society says.
Such men count for much in the society.
It will make for the society.
Both Charlie and Mary ordered the lunch special.
The doctor ordered a full physical examination for the patient.
William ordered another round of drinks.
Jacob ordered something to eat.
Charlie ordered take out from a Thai restaurant.
Society has seen a lot of change recently.
James finished his drink and then ordered another one.
Laur ordered beer for herself and red wine for Muhammad.
The train tickets can be ordered online in a few days.
The position carries with it an attractive salary.
I don't care what society thinks.
Would you have done that if you hadn't been ordered to?
I've ordered coffee.
Ants have a well-organized society.
Muhammad ordered an open-faced sandwich with a side of fries.
The teachers ordered them to stop fighting.
I finally ordered one.
He finished the beer and ordered another.
I haven't ordered dinner yet.
He ordered a computer online.
When going out to the society, what is the most necessary knowledge?
I've already ordered us some drinks.
Oliver has ordered one.
I only did that because George forced me to.
These tourists are loud and rude.
Are you a member of this society?
Society will be better if we work together.
They were forced to face the future.
Jacob forced me to go.
Jacob was forced to return home.
He is a danger to society.
James works for a translation agency.
Ugh, my internet hates me.
Ugh. I'm so not looking forward to today.
I think this kind of custom is unique to Asian countries.
"How did you know that I was going to propose?" I asked in genuine wonder.
People were lined up around the block waiting for the theater to open.
The person on the left ruins the balance of the picture.
These tourists are rude.
Why are Chinese tourists so rude?
Jacob is a danger to society.
Harry turned to the bartender and ordered another drink.
Oscar finished his beer and ordered another one.
James finished drinking his beer and ordered another one.
Alex ordered Anna to do it.
Stress is a very serious problem in today's society.
It wasn't what I ordered, but I ate it anyway.
Alex is a member of a secret society.
We live in a society; not just in an economy.
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.
William ordered drinks for Olivia and himself.
She is a member of our society.
Her help was just what the doctor ordered.
Dan ordered a wedding cake.
I've already ordered.
Alex and I both ordered the lunch special.
The impact of science on society is great.
Jacob ordered room service.
I've have already ordered a pizza and a couple of drinks for us.
That's just what the doctor ordered.
Oliver ordered the dog to sit.
Adam hasn't ordered dinner yet.
We're not turning back.
Why are you turning red?
I'm turning thirty.
How about the food i ordered?
James ordered a drink.
Oscar ordered Anna to do that.
I did what James ordered me to do.
I ordered the children to stay quiet, but they kept on making noise.
Joe isn't turning back.
Do you mind turning around while I get dressed?
That's what the doctor ordered.
Alex and Valentina aren't turning back.
What is right in one society can be wrong in another.
William and Alice both ordered the lunch special.
The boss ordered us to work from morning till night.
This isn't everything I ordered.
She ordered the book from London.
I just ordered a beer.
First Contact became the most important turning point in human history.
She said that she's turning 16 next month.
I think this is a turning point.
I'm not turning back.
I don't like being ordered around.
I ordered the book from England.
Catherine has ordered one.
I guess there's no turning back now.
Have you ordered the pizza?
Tommy ordered this.
He ordered him to go home.
I'm turning thirty soon.
James and Mary ordered the same thing.
He ordered a computer.
Society is built on trust.
We've been ordered to do that.
I ordered that book over a week ago.
Harry ordered pizza for everyone.
We were ordered to do that.
He has ordered one.
I've ordered a book from Amazon.com.
Lucy ordered a cup of hot chocolate.
Young people used to look down on the rules of society.
Both George and I ordered the lunch special.
People form society.
Charlie was a member of a secret society.
Why should I care what society thinks?
We ordered the meal.
You've ordered one, haven't you?
Soon I will be taking leave of high society.
James ordered some food.
The police ordered the suspect to drop his gun.
Harry ordered a cup of coffee.
I ordered lunch.
We ordered Chinese.
I'm turning thirty this October.
I don't remember turning off the light.
There's no turning back now.
It is a long road that has no turning.
I ordered several books from England.
We ordered Chinese food.
I've already ordered them.
I was forced to drink against my will.
He wants to be part of the English society.
Alex eats like a pig.
You weren't forced to do that, were you?
The police were forced to break into the apartment through the window.
I forced a smile.
Alex felt great relief after the verdict was read.
I wasn't being forced to do that.
Society is changing.
I'm only doing it because I'm forced to.
Nobody forced you to help me.
William forced Valentina to sign the contract.
They forced her to confess.
My boss was forced to resign.
I forced them to fix my car.
The boy was forced to quit school by his parents.
They forced him to tell the truth.
You were forced to do that, weren't you?
We were forced to stay with friends.
He forced her to sit down.
They forced me to lie.
I'm sorry that I forced you to do that.
We want to protect both society and the environment.
Tommy is forced to give up his job.
I'm being forced to do this.
They forced him to sign the letter.
They forced me out.
I forced Charlie to do that.
We forced him to admit that he'd done it.
Charlie forced me to send your wife that letter.
He was forced to go back because of the bad weather.
Society could not care less.
The men form a society.
George forced me to open the box.
Regardless how loud you scream "Oo-oo!", you won't turn into a wolf.
Nobody forced me to do that.
Margaret was forced to sell her farm.
He forced me to go there.
I did that because I was forced to.
She forced him to sit down.
Nobody forced George to do that.
I forced myself to do that.
She forced me to do it.
Susie forced herself to smile.
I was being forced to do that.
The lock has been forced.
A blind man can't play cards.
Don't show your cards.
I was forced to do some things I didn't want to do.
We're forced to decide when we'll move.
Adam had fun playing cards.
She was forced to confess.
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.
James and Margaret played cards together all evening.
George forced Julia to do that.
Charlie didn't want to get married, but his parents forced him to.
Charlie's mother forced him to go outside even though he didn't want to.
He said he was forced to do that.
Let's put our cards on the table.
Jacob forced his way into Monica's office.
No one forced me to do that.
The door has been forced.
Jack's mother forced him to eat his vegetables.
We had fun playing cards.
Joe forced me to follow him to his room.
After dinner, we played cards till eleven.
Adam did that because he was forced to.
There was a large audience in the concert hall.
Joe forced me to do that.
William said, "move over"; forced his way through and sat down.
I'm interested in the society page of that newspaper.
Harry was forced to resign.
I wasn't forced to do that.
George forced a smile.
We are in a Berber-speaking society.
Society is divided.
I did not like the food, but I forced myself to eat it.
Alex forced Alice to sit down.
I would never join a secret society.
Information is an important part of our society.
We, as a society, have many problems.
Someone important to society has passed away.
Nobody forced James to agree to do that.
I was forced to sign the form.
I was forced to abandon the plan.
Olivia said she was forced to do that.
Were you forced to be do that?
For society to be better, there must be people who succeed and we should not envy them.
Adam said that he'd been forced to do that.
She was forced to give up.
James and Emma said that they'd been forced to do that.
Detectives believe Jack acted alone.
No one forced Muhammad to agree to do that.
When I was in school, left-handed kids were forced to write with their right hands.
Joe forced Margaret to do it.
We live in a society.
Alex forced me to do it.
I forced myself to eat something.
I was forced to take medicine.
Joe and Olivia wouldn't be happy if we forced them to do that.
I was forced to go.
She wants to be part of the English society.
Our neighbors were forced to sell their house.
Jami wasn't forced to agree to do that.
The plane made a forced landing.
They forced me to take the medicine.
She was forced to sell her farm.
He was forced to sell his farm.
He was forced to work more than five hours on end.
I feel like I am being forced to help her.
They forced me to sing a song.
Tommy was being forced to do that.
Harry was forced to continue on his own.
Muhammad forced himself to do that.
What is correct in one society may be wrong in another society.
Muhammad wants to change society.
We live in a Berber-speaking society.
Someone forced you to do that, right?
Avoid each other's society.
We, as a society, have many problems. This is without a doubt not one of them.
They forced me to sign my name.
I only did that because I was forced to.
I was forced to lie.
Joe said that he was forced to do that.
Oscar forced Carmen to give him the money.
In this situation, I am forced to say yes.
We were forced to do that.
George forced me to leave.
The society in which they live is very different from our own.
They forced themselves to smile.
It's a throw-away society.
You may be forced to fight, whether you want to or not.
They forced themselves to do that.
I was forced to sell my car.
I was forced to sign my name.
Who ordered this pizza?
James ordered Chinese food to go.
We ordered some new books from abroad.
Tommy ordered a bottle of wine.
Nobody here ordered a pizza.
Oliver was ordered to do that.
I went where I was ordered to go.
I can't wait turning 18.
I've been ordered to kill you.
I've been ordered to take charge.
I will stay here as my boss has ordered.
I ordered Tommy to do that.
He ordered a beer.
I ordered a drink.
That's not what I ordered.
I went where I was ordered.
Today is mom's birthday. I ordered a cake.
I ordered some food.
Since I wasn't hungry, I only ordered coffee.
I ordered a beer.
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.
I ordered pizza.
I only ordered coffee, since I wasn't hungry.
He was ordered to leave, but refused.
He ordered me to go to bed early.
I ordered a glass of wine.
Do you mind my turning on TV?
The student ordered the book from New York.
We've been ordered not to do that.
I've already ordered it.
Who ordered you to do this?
Turning to the right, you will see a white tower.
I ordered them to leave the room.
The operator put me through to Canada.
The car is turning left.
Jami is turning blue.
Adam ordered coffee.
Jami ordered lunch.
He ordered me to leave the room at once.
Instead of turning your back on me, why don't you look me in the eye and tell me what really happened?
Oscar, Catherine, John and Alice all ordered the same thing.
The doctor ordered that he take a rest.
You're turning into a chicken.
Turning to the left, you will find the restaurant on your right.
She ordered him to do it.
