I don't think Jack wants to see you.
I know that William isn't a university student.
I thought that I might be coming down with a cold.
You don't have to say that.
Don't faint!
I'm telling the truth.
There is a school down the mountain.
I'd like to come with you.
It's been a year since I've been here.
We always have a good time in the morning.
I'll figure out a way to fix this. Don't worry.
Please tell William what you think should be done.
You are in love with him.
They could change their minds.
Adam and Catherine said they thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell John about what had happened.
They found the room empty.
I'm not a bachelor anymore.
We were planning on going.
I'm just telling you what I've heard.
George doesn't like to be the last one to do that.
Jami is the most laid back person I know.
William thought that Margaret would probably do that.
How about with you?
Don't you want to know why I'm here?
Muhammad and Valentina are going to get into trouble if they do that.
I am not coming back to school any more.
I think that that's a very stupid argument.
Do you have any thoughts on my paper?
Alice didn't seem surprised when I told her Adam didn't need to do that.
He admitted that he wasn't perfect.
I don't think I'll be able to talk James into doing that.
I need to get them home.
Why did you break up with your last girlfriend?
If your tooth hurts, you should see a dentist.
We'll be happy to welcome you on Friday.
I'm just about to head off to the station.
Why haven't you asked for my help?
My father is not as old as he looks.
Tommy was the only one here when that happened.
Where to go and what to see were my primary concerns.
I'm sure his brother is very young.
Why do you like this song?
Oscar looks older than his younger brother.
Oscar could be unconscious.
At what age did you get your first period?
Jacob found a good job near his house.
I knew I'd find you.
Where is the hammer?
Try and come up with a more reasonable excuse next time.
I'm in your debt.
George certainly knew what he was doing was illegal.
We can now die in peace.
They were very pretty.
Oscar told Anna a racist joke.
I was kept awake all night by the noise.
Don't forget to ask Harry to do that.
The heart has its reasons, which reason does not know.
What does she want?
Adam wasn't willing to pay such a high price.
Jacob got very violent.
You're having me on, aren't you?
I don't think that would be such a good idea.
We should be there in about thirty minutes.
James isn't responsible for anything.
Muhammad showed up at the party wearing a suit and tie.
I suspect George and Emma are planning to be there.
She has no shame.
A fan page is always public.
Adam's mother lives in Boston. His father lives in Chicago.
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.
Urgent business kept him from coming.
Monica is a quiet person, isn't she?
It's clear that he's at home.
It's not cheap to eat here.
There's really no need to apologize.
What have you bought her for Christmas?
I know how you can find out.
Joe didn't know that Mary was John's cousin.
Please don't call us again.
Why do you care what other people think?
Is he in favor of the plan?
Oscar might be the murderer.
We can't just give up on Joe.
He wants to read this book.
Confidence is hard to build, but easy to destroy.
I sold it for 600 euros.
Drink a cup of water.
He is considered to be a highly qualified employee.
Eva is William's aunt.
Aren't you afraid?
I thought his opinion was relevant.
Susie is shallow, isn't she?
They forgot to sign their names.
Which do you like better, physics or chemistry?
I don't ever go swimming with George anymore.
George wasn't the first one to leave.
What's new this year?
I can't do anything about it.
All of these are mine.
Didn't you win the bet?
Why don't people like Oliver?
I think that William didn't know that Margaret spoke French.
Did you tell her you were joking?
William is still on the team.
Tommy is going to be needing this.
Oliver told Alice she should eat everything on her plate.
They weren't strong enough to help us.
Why would Alex refuse to do that?
I still don't like to driving the city.
Harry wasn't very strong.
Alex forgot where he put his glasses.
They set up their backs against the claim.
It's a big deal to Oscar.
I'll tell you about my father.
William ran to help Lucy.
Please hold the door open for me.
You're better off not getting in his way!
We have to get something to eat.
I don't think that Oliver wants to do that anymore.
They told me that they weren't impressed.
You can have as much time as you need.
I know Jack would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
It's not an evil idea, but it is a bad one.
People are stupid.
This medicine tastes horrible.
Why don't you two shut up?
Harry might not make it in time.
I need to know if you'll be there.
Harry hasn't seen Anna since Valentine's Day.
I thought that it was fun.
I'm often only half awake.
I didn't want to talk to the police.
How did you know that Muhammad wanted to do that?
I haven't been feeling great.
It was interesting.
How many days will it take to do that?
Who believes that?
They're in their rooms now.
Dan tried to persuade Linda to steal the money.
George was hoping he wouldn't have to do that.
That's something we should do this week.
I gave the milk to the cat.
Button up your coat.
They said they won't ever do that.
I have to pick my kids up at their school.
You should be done doing that by now.
Oscar wakes up when it is already quite light.
She left her glasses in her car.
Even if you boss attacks you and tells you to go away, you should make your point.
This book is way more interesting than that one.
Oliver said that Lucy knew he might be required to do that by himself.
I think she is sick. She has a temperature.
I do want to be your friend.
Can I have a glass of water, please?
So what time do you get off work?
I didn't think Anna really did what Oliver said she did.
What age was she when she got married?
Alex is leaving Boston next month.
I knew Alex was very unlikely to be able to do that.
I suspect that Jack is the one who stole the money.
They like all of their teachers.
I'll be in Australia about a month or so.
I will introduce my father.
I'm really, really proud of you.
No more than 50 people came.
Alex and Valentina have been told they can't do that.
You need to get here as soon as you can.
Jami isn't ready to go anywhere.
Some of my friends smoke.
I was surprised when Oliver told me that he didn't want to do that.
I am ashamed of my president.
There's not much time left.
They'll get hurt if they aren't careful.
What does Monica think about it?
Someone called Jacob.
Mary helped because she wanted to.
I have to do a little research.
Ask William to bring Eva tomorrow.
Did you show them your pictures?
Why did Adam need to go?
Monica said she'd come to the wedding.
Alex was home on Monday.
Can't you see that Alex needs your help?
William said Julia didn't have anything she needed to do.
I tried to talk to them.
In Japan, it's three in the morning now.
I was born on October 20, 2013 in Boston.
I read a lot.
Eva gave Jacob the book she was holding.
James told Margaret that he thought you could do that.
I don't think that I like what you're doing.
If you did not want to do this, then why did you do it? Did someone force you to do this?
The house looked wonderful with its fresh coat of paint.
Oscar is a well-mannered young man.
I thought I told you to stop doing that.
Would you tell us what happened?
What did you tell them for?
They held out against all odds.
Joe and Monica knew they'd been tricked.
She cannot be here so early.
I'm fairly certain that that's not the case.
You're the woman of my dreams.
You're gonna be a dead man if you don't do that.
I'm worthless.
How do you make your money?
I think this is the reason why you don't like me so much.
If you're going to go to France, you should brush up on your French.
I didn't have any money and couldn't buy any food.
They can join us if they want.
Eat your soup, William.
I have no right over you.
We haven't agreed to anything yet.
Oscar got in the car and started the engine.
I'm pretty sure Alex and Susie are having a party next week.
I think that Harry won't be nervous doing that.
Honestly, what time do you plan to sleep until? It's already noon!
Jack needs someone to speak with.
I put gas in the car.
How does he know?
I woke them up.
Can I leave?
I'm reading the Bible for the first time.
Charlie seemed quite surprised when he heard that Alice and John had gotten married.
Please heat the water.
I don't like Jack very much, to be honest.
Muhammad and Emma told John that they didn't think Alice was done doing that.
You're not going to like what I'm going to say.
Don't you want me to do that?
I thought Oscar would go on a road trip.
He looked so funny that I couldn't help laughing.
Are you getting enough oxygen?
I lit the fire.
Muhammad is convinced that Margaret is guilty.
At the start of every weekend, I am both tired and happy.
"Has the sun come up yet." "Yes, it just came up."
Why did you need to go there yesterday?
If I could, I'd do that again.
His father passed away last night in the hospital.
Joe doesn't want to eat.
Jami and Mary said they could see ghosts.
Joe thinks he knows who really did that.
My friend talks too much and she's driving me crazy.
I know you don't want to hurt me.
The wind was blowing.
You're under investigation.
Please don't think of it that way.
Were you hurt?
We've been waiting for this.
She fell unconscious to the floor.
This is the first time I've ever parked my car in the woods.
Jami said that he hoped that Lucy would be willing to do that for him.
It's often said the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
What's that guy's name?
We were walking on dead soldiers. This is the worst sight that a man ever wants to see.
Alex and Valentina said they're studying to be doctors.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
Business is looking up.
He didn't say who he'd gone with.
Are these your gloves?
Oliver never used to win at tic-tac-toe.
But something has gone wrong.
Adam claimed that it was an accident.
I suspect James is likely to be late.
There is a statue of the teacher in front of the school.
We'll just have to do our best.
Muhammad won't be at work tomorrow.
The plane disappeared into the forest.
I didn't say anything wrong.
Have you heard the term Neo-Victorian?
Charlie counted his money.
Don't you take that tone of voice with me, young lady!
You're so kind.
Love one another, as I have loved you.
I'm very determined to get this done today.
I didn't think that Jacob would wait very long.
They let me know that they'd done that.
When I got to school, the race had already finished.
She said she's been forgiven.
It looks like Jami is awake.
Oscar sometimes help me with my math homework.
They jumped up from their chairs.
Show yourself.
That's against the contract.
It's too quiet in here.
We were glad to hear that he got back safely.
How do they want to receive their money?
Tommy showed up late to practice.
I think he is intelligent because he is learning German.
Alex and Margaret still have a lot of things they need to do.
My children are sitting at the table.
Jack isn't sure Olivia didn't know how to drive a car.
Harry told me he didn't kiss Monica.
Oliver and Mary will be leaving for Australia early tomorrow morning.
Couldn't Harry do that?
I don't always do what I'm supposed to do, but I try to.
Come and have some.
What is the role of the University in the modern society?
Harry didn't need to help us, but he did.
She's enjoying herself, isn't she?
If you hear from Jenny, could you tell her I would like to see her?
William and Olivia look like they're tired.
I wonder whether Harry and Valentina were here yesterday.
The sun is rising above the horizon.
Who's going to wear them?
George wasn't willing to give it a try.
Ice is solid.
She said she didn't eat meat.
James promised he'd keep in touch.
Today I'm all out of ideas.
I may just wait until Charlie gets here.
They had no right to do what they did.
I don't have a case for my guitar.
James didn't want to go for a walk.
This pencil is very dark.
Muhammad is living in Australia, isn't he?
It rains in early autumn.
I got tired from all the running around.
Right now, all I want to do is sleep for a few hours.
Sickness changes people.
Muhammad bought Lucy flowers and chocolate.
I'm writing a message to Oscar.
Why did you interfere in an affair that did not concern you at all?
I heard that since Adam isn't feeling well he'll stay home today.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
I'll write a letter to Adam.
It's because she loves me.
I don't think I enjoyed the movie as much as you did.
We're here on vacation.
Did you take note of the telephone number?
I spent all day with Oliver.
You weren't very nice.
You look a bit tense.
Where were we?
Tommy seemed to know Monica didn't do what she was supposed to do.
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend.
I'm not sure what George wants.
Tommy lives with his aunt.
James and Monica said they wanted us to be here by 2:30 on Monday.
Is it close to the capital?
It has been a long time since we have been this happy.
You'll be all right.
I thought you said that Alex was a jerk.
I wanted to run home.
Where is the nearest shop?
Do you think they'd hire me?
There were no children in the park.
Why are you asking me about this?
Tommy needs to get ready for dinner.
Charlie said his life was in danger.
Alex said he thought he could do that if he had some help.
He always has a smile on his face.
I wanted to stay in Australia a couple of extra days.
Muhammad doesn't seem very hungry.
What we need is help.
Do you know where Oscar lives?
Your cat is hiding from me.
Man will only become better when you make him see what he is like.
I've had no problems with them.
I have a feeling you're going to like Boston.
Jack and Julia didn't tell me they planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
People always seem to want to discuss their problems with me.
Tommy could have been anywhere.
Alcohol is also cheap in Germany.
I'm still running a little bit late.
Do you want fruit juice?
Oscar and Carmen are going to invite John to their party.
Jack was eliminated.
She said she was drunk.
He is in bad health because he walked in the rain.
I'll be able to see him next year.
"Will you be able to do that today?" "I think so."
Harry parked his car in the visitor parking lot.
Oscar and Margaret said they felt fantastic.
I want to go to the cinema.
I'm going to buy some books tomorrow.
Jacob hasn't taken a shower since last Monday.
I don't think that I'm the right person for the job.
He knows how to milk a cow.
I should've been there for Alex.
He went to sleep at six o'clock and he is still sleeping.
I wonder how Oscar feels about that.
Do you think George will like the gift I bought for him?
Jack promised me that tonight he'd sing that new song he wrote.
When I grow up, I want to be just like you.
Are you going to do that by yourself?
I didn't know Oliver was in Boston the same time we were.
I must warn her.
Does Jami still want to come?
A bee flew out of the window.
You're going to eventually be able to do that, aren't you?
I should've known Charlie and Lucy were behind this.
Not all of them are like that.
Would you like to learn to play the guitar?
Oscar should resign.
These must be Alex's.
What's the name of the movie we watched yesterday?
They missed the deadline.
It doesn't hurt as much as it did before.
Why did I have to fall in love with a woman like you?
He dedicated his life to teaching.
She doesn't talk to us anymore.
Sam, no!
I thought that you and Oscar were going to go to Australia.
She does like jazz, doesn't she?
Doing the laundry is my job.
I don't particularly want to do that.
Suppose you had ten million yen, what would you do?
I'll loan you all the money you want.
Joe is the only one who can beat Lucy at chess.
Check George's pulse.
These hats are yours.
We couldn't help laughing at his joke.
No one has time for that sort of thing.
I know that James is planning on doing that.
What's become of Adam?
I'm up to here with him!
Mary is going to get in trouble if she doesn't do that.
What's your sign?
I think Jami has been to Boston at least one time.
There seems to be no possibility of compromise.
Emma's family is happy that she's back home.
She told me I could use her car.
That's why you look so familiar.
You may not be able to do that again.
I think William and Carmen could be teachers if they wanted to be.
I'll give you a call as soon as I know for sure.
I plan to go to Boston whether William wants to go with me or not.
They're not telling me the whole truth.
We get on and off the bus here.
Oliver never has a pencil with him.
Jacob wants me to call Olivia and make it clear that he never wants to see her again.
What he is saying is very important.
I haven't talked to Jack at all.
People have time upon time faced 'a war that must not be lost'.
We could hear the howling of wolves in the distance.
Are you still playing the guitar?
Jack said that Monica wanted him to do that.
There are only a couple of pieces left.
Victory may seem impossible, but actually it is not.
He made his fathers happy.
I assume all our equipment is still up to date.
Joe is almost always busy.
Is there anything you'd like to say to Alex?
I haven't lived in Boston as long as William.
Jami told Mary it was dangerous for her to do that.
Valentina says she didn't know James would do that.
She puts too much sugar in her tea.
Go to him and greet him on my behalf.
I didn't do anything for him.
Jami hired someone to cook for him.
The last time I saw Charlie he was wearing a prison jump suit.
Don't blame the wrong person.
Mary says she thinks she can take care of herself.
Other people at the meeting didn't agree.
Out of every metal, iron is the most useful.
There's a possibility that Charlie will use my bicycle.
You could start your own company.
I should visit Australia, too.
Thank you for your invitation.
Doing that was really hard.
She said she wasn't finished.
There's an American girl who wants to see you.
Susie said she'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
Jacob will spend next weekend doing that.
Charlie has some very important things he needs to do right now.
You don't need to come.
Oscar and Laur are going to take a look at it.
When did you do that?
Look! The train is there!
Did everyone agree with it?
How did Jami and Laur get to know each other?
He hit two birds with one stone.
What made you mad?
That was Alex's last public appearance.
If you turn a blind eye to something, you ignore it.
Tell them I'm sorry.
They had nobody to tell their stories to.
Charlie usually goes to the movies on Friday night.
We're lucky George did that for us.
I thought that Tommy had paid Margaret, but apparently I was wrong.
Jami told me he didn't get it.
This is the hospital which I was born in.
James is going to find his way.
Are you sure you don't want to think about it until tomorrow?
Muhammad tried to forget his love sorrow by playing the piano.
That was wicked of him.
I can't sleep well.
Jack locked all the doors.
James and Catherine went to the harvest festival.
I had completely forgotten.
She may well say so.
Muhammad was holding Anna's hand.
Adam starts work on Monday.
William said that he hopes to be back by October 20th.
We're way ahead of schedule.
William will be here for three more days.
I didn't know I needed to do that by myself.
Muhammad talked about music.
I wanted to talk to James.
I know that I'm supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I knew that Charlie was in his room reading.
I want to pay back the money I owe.
You're our guests.
I think Jacob is pretty angry.
I still might go to Boston.
I'm always eager.
I took to her the moment I met her.
I can't remember the last time I spoke to William.
Did you go anywhere for the summer?
Charlie said he wouldn't let it happen again.
He adopted the orphan.
I was born in the winter.
William said that he'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
Do you want me to get you a pillow?
Monica probably doesn't yet know she's got to do that today.
I know Joe is a pretty good French speaker.
I still don't remember why.
We'd better go pick up James.
I am in the soup.
I regret losing that opportunity.
Charlie and Alice said they were poor.
She can sing.
What was his name again?
Do you feel all right today?
Tommy is no longer my boss.
I was Jack's French teacher for three years.
The subject is different.
It isn't certain whether Muhammad will do that or not.
I hope I'll get a chance to see you next time I'm in Australia.
Harry told Anna what she needed to do.
What did she put you through?
Don't you tell me what to say.
I hate candy.
Jami says he can help us today.
I'm not convinced that Adam can do that.
This is something that I made for you.
The plane began to climb rapidly.
Do you plan to permit Oliver to do that?
Adam was cut badly.
We've become like brothers.
George didn't tell Eva what she needed to buy.
James walked past me without saying anything.
Alex and Monica told John that they told Alice not to do that.
Charlie says he didn't know Laur was going to have to do that next week.
She said that she'll do that soon.
Do a lot of people live in your town?
Harry has a history of drug abuse.
Have you told Charlie we'll be there?
Oliver looked sharp.
Jacob said he thought that Julia was good at speaking French.
Charlie and Olivia suggested I go with them to Boston.
There goes a wonderful coach over there.
He never explained why he did that.
She says she needs to do that, too.
Harry didn't seem to be in a hurry.
I'm going to ask you to do your duty.
Life will already be over before you know it.
Take care of your clothes.
It sure is hot today.
She has no one to give her advice.
I'm never going to stop loving you.
They have no idea how lucky they are.
You and I aren't like that.
Tommy isn't as strong as I am.
Are you going to break up with me if I get fat again?
The extra room proved very useful when we had visitors.
Rent control limits the rent that a landlord can charge for an apartment.
I won't be there.
I was surprised Jacob wasn't able to do that.
I don't like this sweater.
It's cold outside, so don't forget to wear a hat.
Do you think there's a chance that Charlie is still there?
I enjoy eating with you.
He was my only joy.
We help them in a lot of ways.
French is a difficult language, isn't it?
Charlie pretended that he couldn't understand what was going on.
I haven't changed.
Tommy is staring at us, isn't he?
Adam and I are good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
You have to tell William not to do that anymore.
I've finished.
Eva was an attractive girl when she was a teenager.
What did you think of my house?
To stand in your own feet means to be independent.
I'm not totally convinced.
I owe it to my brother that I was able to finish college.
Oscar didn't tell me anything about that.
Oliver and Olivia didn't say anything about where they were going.
Harry says the two of us should sing together.
Carmen wanted to do that this afternoon, but I told her not to.
Oscar is going to eventually get tired of doing that.
You're wrong.
I thought we could do that together.
Are ghosts real?
Was Joe with you?
I haven't yet met Charlie.
Oscar wanted to pay in cash.
It's taken a while.
It took me a long time to reach this decision.
Harry and Julia admitted they do that.
He is in danger of losing his position unless he works harder.
The doctor asked Muhammad what the pain felt like.
What kind of woman do you think I am?
That cake is really tasty!
Joe said that he didn't think Anna did that very often.
I've got a lot of good ideas.
They know what they have done to me.
Alice said she doesn't think Muhammad really knows how to do that.
Why did you leave the class yesterday?
My son has always been very independent.
I will make certain of the situation.
It's going to have to wait until tomorrow.
I don't blame you for that.
He's the cause of all this.
That isn't likely to happen today.
Schools will be closed today because of the snow.
I still can't understand you. Can you turn off the background noise?
He took my umbrella without bothering to ask.
We learn English every day.
Charlie told me that he was planning on leaving his wife.
Muhammad should've let me know earlier.
Tell William it isn't my fault.
Let me go back and get an umbrella.
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
I thought I'd left them at home.
I have been as busy as a bee for the past two months.
Is there a check-out on the first floor only?
I don't really want to go to school today.
How many times have I told you?!
Get to sleep.
I don't know exactly what time Alex will be coming.
Where is English spoken?
Adam didn't know what was about to happen.
George doesn't know why Laur left Boston.
I'd rather go to the zoo than to a museum.
My mother always gets up earlier in the morning.
I want you to do that on Monday.
Adam said that Alice really wanted to do that with you.
How many horses do Harry and Eva own?
Did you get anything from William?
It sounds like Muhammad needs to do that.
I don't think that Jack knows anybody here.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
Jami and Valentina both said that they weren't single.
She used to address me as Joe.
Your name says everything.
William is creative, but Susie isn't.
It’s not the same to be alone than to be alone in a room that you’ve just left.
I don't think Joe and Olivia are blind.
Tommy said he hoped that Valentina didn't have to do that.
Who did Valentina say taught her French?
Those are questions I can't answer.
George told everyone he was retired.
Smile is without cost, but not free.
I don't think Charlie will be able to help us.
Let’s go to the movies!
I know that Oscar is a park ranger.
How old is your bicycle?
Listen to your father, Oliver.
William likes horror movies.
What do you do when you're not studying?
He isn't going to help, is he?
I couldn't get through it.
Tickets are selling fast and space is limited.
I didn't know you had to do that with Adam.
Our school did away with uniforms last year.
We thought the enemy had captured you.
I think that Alex is normal.
I should tell him to try it.
Painting was the great love of his life.
Bill speaks a little Japanese.
Adam is also getting ready.
You want a piece of me? Come on!
She's beautiful and intelligent.
He said that he may not do that.
Alex is likely to walk here.
Does Jack really think we're that stupid?
Who are all these people?
Jack isn't sure he needs to do that.
Oliver cut the pie into six pieces.
I want to lose a few pounds.
The dog seems to be sick.
Tommy took out his cell phone and called for help.
We could share clothes.
I wonder why Alex is so busy today.
Charlie and Valentina wanted to wash their hands.
Women often prefer older men.
Jami and I've just gotten back from Australia.
Now he gets it.
I don't see any reason why I can't go, too.
I really don't know those guys.
I don't want him to get upset.
I'm going to sing.
How long does Tony run every day?
Nobody knew that Jacob wasn't going to be here.
Everybody knows that Oscar was the one who broke the window.
Now I can die happy.
She has denied she cheated.
Charlie is in a coma.
I told him I was just joking.
Arrangements have already been made.
Adam said he was going back home.
James almost never goes to Australia.
It would be a great loss to science if this language were to die.
I'm not racist, but I vote for racist politicians with racist policy plans.
Please play the violin.
I believe Jack can do that.
Don't leave my name out of your list.
I think I'm going to buy myself a cellphone tomorrow.
Jami is a friend of my brother's.
Alex began to read.
She won't apologize.
We have plenty of food.
You trust us, don't you?
Tommy said he would only stay for a few hours.
Joe got really upset.
Jacob is very upset about this.
Where does Jack plan on doing that?
Maybe this'll cheer you up.
He will be back in an hour.
Harry has just been swimming.
Excuse me, Doctor.
What has been your favorite concert of the past 5 years?
Charlie tried to get Olivia to help him do that.
I didn't eat as much as Muhammad did.
Oliver needs to find an apartment near where he works.
Tell us something about yourselves.
Alex should've listened to you and bought that painting when he had the chance.
James said that he wasn't poor.
You can sit wherever you want.
I hope I don't need to do that.
George needs to take a day off.
Let's go to your room.
Why do we have to go anywhere?
Is this where William and Anna live?
Oliver thinks he's pretty good at guitar.
I don't know your address.
Can you guess which cooler is the most efficient?
Muhammad needs to lose some weight.
Harry asked if he could walk me home.
Shouldn't we wait a bit longer?
I didn't know Monica would ask Adam to help her.
I'm tired of him!
I guess that's the smart thing to do.
I spent a lot of time here when I was a kid.
Jami was behind the wheel.
He says he'll do nothing.
Why in the world would George want to do that?
I want to teach today.
Even though he was tired, he worked.
I didn't know Jack could do that so well.
How are you planning to help?
There were police everywhere.
Margaret said she didn't think Jacob did that on purpose.
George was at home when that happened.
You promised William you'd do that.
Adam finally fell asleep.
Our living room is sunny.
They cancelled the festival.
I'm glad I was able to meet you yesterday.
I'll come to Australia and help you build your house.
I think that there's more going on here than meets the eye.
We could not see anyone in the street.
I told William that I didn't think you'd be able to do that.
I hope we're not making a huge mistake.
Emma is a good chess player, isn't she?
There's going to be a press conference tonight.
Who does that remind you of?
I think you need to figure this out on your own.
They stayed at home by themselves.
Harry came to my rescue.
I think we should let Laur do what she wants.
He said that he'll win.
Must I call them before I give it back?
People sometimes do stupid things.
We need help up here.
You've made your bed, now lie in it.
We forgot all about Tommy.
Let's play catch.
I want to get up early tomorrow.
Oscar could've hurt himself.
The book is pink.
Did you receive his invitation?
What did Jacob and Anna do?
Susie is going to be glad she did that.
This road will lead you to the airport.
I have to go now. Bye!
It was a glass that he broke.
I didn't know Jacob knew who was going to do that for you.
You won't believe who I just saw.
Tommy and Catherine were playing tennis this morning.
I don't see it that way.
I cannot say how far his story is true.
Charlie isn't in good shape.
That never would have happened if Joe hadn't shown up.
Harry really thought he should do that.
I guess I was too busy to notice that Jacob and Anna were having problems.
Oliver said that he didn't want to sit with us.
He checked his calendar.
Without George's help, we couldn't have done that.
Jami and Valentina said that they left their keys at home.
Come back in an hour.
Harry has to go back to Boston tomorrow.
You can sit wherever you want to.
He says he will not give up smoking.
I need to see him now.
I got on the elevator.
"Can I make you breakfast sometime?" "Yes, I'd like that very much."
It is good to feel that nothing can come between a man and wife.
Promise me you won't be late.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
Adam has a bus to catch.
My favorite season is summer.
Oliver and Carmen said they like good wine.
She's very happy her team won.
She helped me.
Oliver said that he was willing to wait.
Harry and Monica both died.
I tried on the shirt.
I'd never have allowed Muhammad to do that.
Joe drives a cab.
Jack was kind to everybody.
William and Mary don't like me very much.
Harry and Carmen removed their socks.
The situation has changed.
I wish you'd told me what to expect.
Reputation is what you seem; character is what you are.
I got the short straw.
When he was here, he would swim in the morning.
Alex seemed to be enjoying his life.
I thought you expected me to do that.
Tension is a major cause of heart disease.
She doesn't like football.
George is waiting for a cab.
Adam and Mary pretended that they didn't know me.
Charlie and Alice have a car, but they don't drive it very often.
I have to go find my girlfriend.
He cried for joy.
We need to discuss this further.
Harry and Catherine married when they were young.
I hope it'll be all right.
Alex wasn't paying attention in class today.
They come here occasionally.
Muhammad waited for us at the bus stop.
Joe said he thought that would never happen.
She has too much time on her hands.
Jami thinks he should study French.
I have no desire to go there.
He abused my trust.
It's unlikely Harry will know what to do.
This is definitely the best method.
I'll do everything I can.
I think both George and Laur are shy.
Adam is a great player.
Joe told me he didn't need my help.
Emma said she'd never seen it.
I don't think Oscar will be suspicious.
We have to escape this place.
Oliver is probably still downstairs.
I know Jacob would do that for you if you asked him to.
I don't understand how you can say that.
Whenever you're in trouble or feeling down, I'll be there for you.
I'm the one who caught George.
It's going to be hard for Jacob to do that.
I'm glad that your team won the game.
She is in a bad mood.
Nobody had ever done this before.
I couldn't make sense of most of it.
We're still waiting for him.
I suggested that we should start at once.
You can come with me.
Harry made me wait.
I need to know what you saw that night.
I never should have left you.
Emma is likely going to be very hungry when she gets home.
How many times are you going to bring that up?
Jacob and Margaret will do that if you pay them.
Art is a serious thing.
Jacob is one of my better students.
Is your house far from your company?
Alex doesn't want to buy a new car.
That's why I'm here today.
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories.
I'd like to see you hanged.
Jami and Alice don't know John, but they'd like to meet him.
Who has the key to this lock?
I want you to join us.
Joe assumed that everyone knew that he couldn't do that.
I will never forget you.
Do you think you'd be quiet doing that?
I think I'd hate doing that.
Yesterday I helped my father.
I'm always up this early.
I wish you the best in your next job.
Oscar wasn't paying attention to Anna.
Julia was there, but she didn't help us.
Neither William nor Susie works in Boston.
Do you sing in the choir?
He said that he needed a favor.
I can barely pay my rent.
Susie said that she got out of the way.
Muhammad says he does that.
Why exactly did you need to do that?
I hope that won't happen again.
No one else is coming to look for you.
The rumor disappeared right away.
He told me he was suspicious.
Alice said she had a hard time doing that.
Alex said that he wants to sell his house.
Oscar tied his shoes.
I gave that order six hours ago.
They were never to return to their country.
Do your best for Tommy.
I should've warned you.
"Any good news in today's paper?" "No, nothing in particular."
I'm taking my daughter to Boston with me.
Let him go his own way.
Catherine said she was terrified of snakes.
I just hope nothing goes wrong this time.
I want Tommy to know that I didn't mean for this to happen.
Charlie, you can't be serious?
That's worth considering.
I didn't say I was going to Australia.
James plays the piano better than I do.
We plan to visit Jack tomorrow.
I just want to make sure we're all on the same page.
Anna said she was glad she'd done that.
Are you the author of this book?
I don't know whether Joe and Catherine intend to do that or not.
I didn't expect to see you here tonight.
I think that I'm going to stay here for a while.
Ask Adam to bring his guitar.
I've met someone.
There's nowhere to run.
Both of my ex-wives hate me.
I was afraid you wouldn't remember me.
Don't you want to sit near the window?
Don't be cruel.
I've put on a lot of weight since Christmas.
No, until now she has never fallen in love.
This dress fits you well.
They said they felt very guilty.
I'm not able to do that on my own.
They look like they're busy.
Please type your name.
I hope you agree with this translation.
I finally have enough money to buy the kind of car I've always wanted.
I don't want to be alone all my life.
Sooner or later, your luck will run out.
She promised that she would help us.
Empty the purse into this bag.
Alex said he found something under the couch.
Let me stay with you.
Today is Monday, October 20th.
Alice is very sure she should do that.
Do you still go bowling as often as you used to?
You still don't get it, do you?
Is your hair still wet?
William says Carmen is afraid to do that.
How does one define life?
I touched his hard penis.
George wants to meet with me.
Charlie said that he bought that for you.
I bought a bus ticket.
She says she plans to take pictures.
William didn't seem to agree.
William said he knew that Mary might not want to do that on October 20th.
Alex's house is next to my house.
Yesterday, Tommy was with me.
Shut the door tight.
Jacob has some pretty good ideas.
I don't think it's George and Catherine who are the problem.
There are many more people than I expected.
Adam says doing that might be dangerous.
Susie told me that she was happy.
Julia doesn't love me anymore.
I think I've got to find some help.
You're so cruel.
We gained access to the house through the window.
Jack's bedroom is much larger than mine.
You're planning to go, aren't you?
I'll get her to stay with you.
Are you ready for the next problem?
We must find it.
They knew they had nothing to lose.
Oscar fixed Julia's car.
I didn't break it.
They were drinking champagne.
Joe looks like he doesn't know what to do.
You should have known it.
I think I'll be able to do that on my own.
I don't think Jacob is going to study French next year.
It gave me a nice feeling.
Jimmy begged me to take him to the zoo.
What would you suggest that I get Joe for his birthday?
I have no idea where I am.
I think James wasn't telling the truth.
Adam is going to find out.
Boston seems to be the place to be.
Jacob will be wrong.
I can't stand noisy children.
I'll come back for my suitcase this afternoon.
Jacob brought everyone together.
What good was that?
Don't forget to remind me of that.
However, we can be people of the earth.
I finally found the solution to the problem.
He spent a few months wandering around Europe.
Oscar said his team would win.
A funny thing happened to me on the way here today.
I saw you kissing James.
We know Olivia will do whatever we tell her to do.
I had a shower.
William and Margaret didn't realize they had to do that.
Let's continue with the lesson for today.
Tommy might not be crying.
I hope that this will help us.
It isn't a permanent solution.
Oscar had all of his suits made to order.
Where did Charlie get the eggs?
I want everybody to know that I'm not the one who did that.
Jami asked some questions to the teacher.
This movie sucks.
Jacob wasn't right about that.
Oscar went in place of me.
Eva will be upset if she doesn't win.
I just found out Jami did the same thing Mary did.
Jack and I don't kiss each other anymore.
Personality is important, but looks are important as well.
Jack has been telling everyone what to do.
He wants to pay back the money he owes.
My job kept me busy.
I was asleep when Charlie dropped by.
There is another killer out there.
Charlie didn't say a word to us.
Don't look directly at Jami.
Mary isn't really sick; she's just pretending.
Yes, I have student ID.
Please allow me to escort you.
How could I know anything about your daughter?
I'm taking Charlie home.
I know Jacob and Monica aren't busy.
Joe would do whatever you ask him to do.
Did you get another cat?
James should've given Julia flowers or something on Valentine's Day.
I don't think Joe is good enough for Lucy.
The boy visits his grandma.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
I can't sleep through the night.
Alex said he's glad that Monica didn't win.
Charlie never got over Olivia.
William married a woman he met in Boston.
You were right, too.
We happened to meet at the station.
I think Adam has already done that.
George has made up his mind.
Oscar described the scenes.
I read it in some book.
It might rain today in the afternoon.
My husband is a very good cook.
Tommy and Carmen seem to be close friends.
The apples are delicious.
Winter sports are very popular in our country.
I don't think Adam knows when Anna came to Australia.
I went to the boss in hopes of getting a raise.
No, not this one!
I like my steak medium rare.
There's nowhere for us to hide.
Jack said Anna would likely complain.
I've already agreed to do that.
Oscar probably doesn't know who I am.
Harry didn't seem to have very much money.
I take it very seriously.
What's the matter? Where have you hurt yourself?
Oscar said that he was very hungry.
He was considered very qualified for the job.
I thought you said that Alex could win.
Valentina told Tommy that she didn't think John was lonely.
Is the party over?
I had a small dog when I was small.
Jack returned to Boston in 2013.
Mum is home.
I will love you forever.
Valentina wore a loose, long-sleeved t-shirt and stone-washed designer jeans.
Is there any help available?
She told me that she's alone.
Maria is in Boston.
Please tell Oliver to call me back.
I already know that Alex doesn't like me.
Is someone coming to pick us up?
Adam told me he'd never done that before.
The light suddenly went out.
You know very well what I mean.
Aren't you angry?
There isn't anything Oliver isn't afraid of.
It is true that they talk a lot, but they say little.
She can't explain what happened.
Alex might be shy.
Jack knew Margaret wouldn't be able to do that.
You have three cars, don't you?
What time do you have a nap?
He fixed his eyes on the roof.
I doubt that Harry will want to go to Boston with you.
Take it.
I want to see results.
Jack was at school last year.
"What's the catch?" "There's no catch. I swear."
Joe said he had failed us.
Say hello to your sister for me.
We threw it away.
I'll wear a white dress.
Mail service in that country is not quick.
Muhammad is going to jail.
At least we know that Alex is alive.
What game are you all playing?
What do you want me to do?
James knew I was sleepy.
I didn't go out because it was very cold.
We spread ourselves out on the lawn.
That's a good picture of James.
I want you to help her.
She said she didn't know why.
I know that Harry didn't know that I couldn't do that.
Dark energy is even more mysterious than dark matter.
Jami had never seen the man before in his life.
In the future, cars will drive themselves.
Do you three ever go to Australia together?
Mary said that she was no different.
James used to play soccer.
Jackson is my last name, not my first name.
No questions! Just listen to me, OK?
I identify with you.
Alice cooked dinner last night.
I wish to speak to the manager.
I'm tired but I'll do it anyway.
I love watching TV.
I thought that Oscar would tell me how to do that.
Now, what were we talking about?
I'm not sure that I would recognize James.
The artist belongs to his work, not the work to the artist.
Do you want to get a pizza?
That isn't too bad.
They like fruit.
I'll meet them some other time.
Who doesn't want to win?
The teacher caught the student cheating on the examination.
Why were Charlie and Eva there alone?
My advice would be to stop doing that.
I bought myself a warm pair of gloves.
We should start getting Christmas gifts for the children.
He had fallen in love with her.
Julia doesn't study as hard as she used to.
I want to speak with them now.
Muhammad and Mary told me they'd never leave me.
I didn't think that we should wait.
Haven't I told you this before?
How'd it work out?
I'm going to think about it.
I know Muhammad will love it.
George doesn't go to Boston anymore.
He said he had to leave early.
How many accounts do you have?
I am not interested in sports.
I will keep nothing back from you.
Jacob told me he wasn't upset.
She's making progress in cooking.
I think that Adam should do that himself.
Joe and Valentina told me they were strong.
You're embarrassing yourself.
Jami didn't like living in the country.
Muhammad figured it would take him a full day to finish painting the garage.
An ambulance went to the scene of the accident.
He tried to get rid of the ants.
Jack and Lucy said they would've done that if they'd known they had to.
Copy. I read you. Over and out.
Why don't we flip a coin?
Pay off your credit cards every month.
I think Alex didn't have to do that alone.
Honey is made by bees.
James didn't seem to be as young as Laur seemed to be.
She'd been with the same company such a long time, she felt she needed a change of scene.
He has already had lunch.
Does Harry live in Australia?
Is this holding us back?
Muhammad did an awesome job.
Thank you for inviting me to your birthday party.
I have to buy this medicine.
Joe wanted to know what was happening.
Without your help I would have had no success.
I'm very glad that I didn't do that.
I think they've done a good job.
Alex is Susie's youngest son.
Adam might not come back.
How long does it take to get to Boston by plane?
Jami isn't fat.
Alex said it was him who should do that.
Harry told me he thought Margaret was broke.
I wish you had done what I asked you to do.
When Adam finally decided to come out of the closet, everyone already knew he was gay.
How would you help?
George won't like this.
Do I need to add salt?
I see I was right.
She doesn't smoke and she doesn't drink vodka.
Joe's hands slipped around Monica's waist.
It is natural that he should refuse that request.
Do you have time for me?
Let Eva read whatever she wants.
I know Jacob is the one who's supposed to tell Anna she should do that.
You didn't mention that on the phone.
James called his ex-girlfriend and asked her whether she'd consider getting back together.
What would you advise, Oscar?
Julia thought she might not need to do that by herself.
They can't tell us what to do.
He had the privilege of studying abroad for two years.
I thought that Tommy would like to know.
Do this work by tomorrow if at all possible.
I won.
It's an Indian dish.
I could not but talk back to my boss.
How about a good massage?
Did you tell James about the fire?
That changes nothing.
You really do speak English quite well.
Harry said he probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
I think that because he is a blunt person, many people do not like him.
Emma wants us to know that she was the one who did that.
He is working for social welfare.
I didn't realize you didn't know how to speak French.
Here's how I see it.
It is never too late to be what you could have been.
Oscar has been to Boston three times.
Jacob says that I always talk about myself.
How long have they been walking?
I think I read that somewhere.
He can stay here for one night, no longer.
He admitted he was lonely.
Do you have any idea why George would want to do that?
I want you to come to my birthday party.
Have you asked anybody to feed your dog while you're in Boston?
Joe couldn't remember where he hid the money.
Muhammad believes he can win.
Adam doesn't have much to gain either.
I just don't want to let Jacob down.
Does Jami know that you want to do that before 2:30?
We'll get an opportunity to do this again, I think.
Alex said that he enjoyed his time in Australia.
Jacob caught on pretty quickly.
She looked after the children.
Don't pretend you don't know.
Jacob is a stubborn person, isn't he?
They told everyone they were exhausted.
Weren't Oscar and Monica just in Boston last week?
Please ask Jack to wait in his office.
Will it be a difficult exam?
Last night, we heard sounds of gunshots and screaming on the street outside our window.
I know that Oliver isn't a good student.
Oscar will be in Boston next Monday.
He says he has to do that.
It won't take so long.
I don't think that that's the whole story.
We must deal with this problem.
I wish William hadn't told Olivia I'd been in prison.
Harry could do nothing.
Very few people actually do that anymore.
You should sound him out about the matter.
It's a beautiful day.
What kind of clothes should I pack?
James read the note.
Oscar liked that idea.
She should have kept her mouth shut.
Exercise is good for your health.
How do you come to that conclusion?
I don't think people use that word anymore.
Find mutual interests, and you will get along with each other.
Her hair is black in color and long.
I have no more than ten English books.
He wrote the story about the things that happened before he lived.
Can you explain this to me?
How often does Tommy go to school?
I think that Tommy has never done that.
Jack is going to be ready in a few minutes.
I'm really starting to get worried.
The potential is there.
If your answer is correct, it follows that mine is wrong.
Adam said that Susie seemed to be busy.
I was badly in need of his help at that time.
The young man knows little of his own country.
What do you do when you visit Australia?
Alex and Mary aren't going to talk to you.
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
George will do what Anna tells him to do.
You know, I had a lot of fun.
I like dogs, too.
Susie says she doesn't believe Oscar really did that.
She turned her back on Tommy.
We don't know yet if he really broke his leg. They'll do an X-ray of it.
I asked Susie if she needed more time.
Dad, will you please let me borrow the car?
Harry is going to find out who did that.
I'm sorry for ruining your birthday party.
The building fell down.
I just wanted to call you and let you know I'd be late.
Margaret says everyone she knows can swim.
Two young boys are carrying a load of water on a pole.
None of his advice was very useful.
Please make sure that doesn't ever happen again.
I know Joe can't stop me from doing that.
Why do you want to do that now?
I hope that's enough.
She put her wedding ring back on.
Oliver wasn't rich back then.
Not only was Alex a good friend of the family, he has also become pretty much a father figure to Mary's kids.
Like I said, I didn't do that.
Jacob didn't think Valentina was depressed.
That was interesting.
I've been doing that for Harry for quite a few years.
I hate Halloween.
They insisted on my making use of the opportunity.
Tell her to help me.
Don't thank me!
They turned a TV set on.
She has been lying, hasn't she?
Joe looks real worried.
She has painted the door red.
I want to see it.
This is a very useful book.
The event is on Friday.
I don't want you anymore.
We're all in this together.
These are difficult questions.
I thought that you'd be in Boston by now.
Jami felt Emma wasn't being sincere.
George says he thinks Valentina did that.
I could not sleep because of the heat.
I don't think I've ever seen you this happy before.
He prepared supper by himself.
Life's not fair.
The doctor said that there's nothing wrong with you.
I used to like you a lot.
This is their place.
She said she was finished doing that.
The trip cost me a lot.
Why do they do that?
He did what we wanted him to do.
You know how to explain it, don't you?
Muhammad said that you were in Australia.
I prefer going for a walk to seeing the movie.
Did you see anyone on the beach?
It was a great race.
I'm getting tired of waiting.
Do you recommend doing that?
How can I do that?
George was told that he had to do that.
There aren't any roses in the garden.
It's not what I thought.
I wonder if Oscar will enjoy doing that.
Alice is still wearing her police uniform.
She's tired after a long week.
This is my third year.
Maybe George likes someone else.
It's nice meeting you.
You've got some nerve.
I need to remind Oscar to do that.
James and Laur don't want to go to Australia.
No one has the right to tell you that their life is harder than yours.
I'd like to stay as long as possible.
Sometimes it takes more than one person to do this.
He was anxious to meet you.
The time when mankind is free from hunger is yet to come.
He suggested going out to watch a movie.
What's your favorite language?
I hardly understood anything at all.
I didn't think that the pain would ever stop.
He does not work so hard as he used to.
My mother can't attend.
George had better be careful.
Dozens of cars are parked in the parking lot.
Emma says she hopes Harry is willing to do that.
Let's see if Oliver can manage to do that by himself.
James is running a high fever.
Catherine says she has no idea where Joe lives.
George wasn't the only one in the room at 2:30.
Alice doesn't waste time.
I won't be at work tomorrow.
Oliver may not be going to Boston with us.
Keep climbing.
I think that Jack and Susie both have to be told not to do that.
That's what it feels like.
The writer is well known to us.
I know William has decided not to do that.
William and Monica listened to the sounds of the sea.
Tommy is going to come on Monday.
Is there any chance you'll go to the post office today?
We can try again later.
Everyone get up and put your children on your shoulders.
Do I really need anything?
Don't forget to add a little salt.
We should wait a little longer, I think.
I am happy about your good luck.
I have lived here for thirty years.
You knew I was supposed to do that yesterday, didn't you?
The girl still believes in Santa Claus.
Harry is kind to old people.
Adam became a national hero.
Jami and Eva said that they isn't going to do that.
I'm a father of three young kids.
We've done it all.
Can they die?
She hated herself.
If you'd known that I was male, wouldn't you have spoken to me?
He may not drive a vehicle.
Oscar's very neat.
This is how Oliver does it.
Yes, I spoke with the company president.
Joe will continue to wait.
She ate all her meals in her room.
I thought that you said that Jacob wasn't a member of our club.
He went to the garage.
Is he asleep?
All good in the hood?
Just this morning, my wife told me that she was pregnant.
Monica wanted to talk to her lawyer.
Can you think of any reason that George would do that?
I'm going to wait until James gets here.
They know that I talked to you.
The Great Fire of London occurred in 1666.
Muhammad didn't ask for any money.
I know that Alex would hate to do that.
Charlie said he doesn't think Anna really has to do that anymore.
Tell a lie often enough and it will become the truth.
I'm sorry I shot you.
I can't stand that music anymore!
Luckily the door was open.
How can I trust you?
Oscar told Carmen about his family.
I want to go to Tokyo.
Everybody wants to do that.
My alarm went off at 6:30.
I knew Muhammad was afraid that he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I wish you'd tell me what happened.
They tried to hide their tears.
I thought that you were planning to be here earlier.
What are we doing here?
Do you need a ride?
Tommy sat down beside Eva on the bench.
Would you care for another cup of coffee?
Harry finished the dishes.
You warned William you might do that, didn't you?
Life has become easy.
They said that they'd help you do that, too.
What are Oscar and I supposed to do with this money?
Did Joe mention anything to you about my idea?
Tell George I'm not ready.
Adam doesn't know whether what Julia says is true or not.
I suspect that George and Julia are in Australia.
They didn't deny that they did that.
Please measure the length of the mattress.
I also don't think George needs to do that.
I know that you'll be here tomorrow.
Come fishing with me.
I wish I could go to Boston with you.
Is there a problem, sir?
It looks like Adam isn't interested in that.
You don't seem particularly worried.
He says he feels like crying.
How should I change that?
Jacob doesn't think Valentina will like John.
Most people travel by train.
If anyone should phone, say I will be back at one o'clock.
How did you spend your summer holiday?
He was not sure what to do.
Oscar said that he was in love with you.
I'm going to stay in Australia for a few more days.
Her lecture is above my head.
You'll have no problems.
You're a bit shorter than Adam is.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
How are they going to be better off if taxes go up?
I thought that you said you'd never do that with Adam.
William and Valentina said that they don't like this color.
Adam is supposed to be sleeping.
He told her about his plan.
George was able to solve the problem.
Hello and how are you?
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.
I have a great memory.
Margaret talked James into going to the concert with her.
Susie showed me a picture of her boyfriend.
Oscar gave me several books.
Strange as it may sound, it is still fact.
Everybody's doing well.
I know Alex is sleepy.
She said she has to get more sleep.
I like history.
I don't know if I will have time to do it.
I'm already quite busy.
I have no problem with that.
Jacob once worked for me.
I have to give a testimony in the courtroom tomorrow.
They were crying.
Alex lives in the southern part of Australia.
Jacob set down his cup.
It's really bad for your eyes.
William is waiting for us in the car.
William is strong enough to do that by himself.
You can tell them I said so.
Her hat matches with her shoes.
She was brought up by him.
I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
I was brought up in the country.
Charlie never said that.
We want Oliver to help us tomorrow night.
I know that Oliver isn't still afraid to do that.
"What happened to you, Anna?" asked Jack while carrying the poor crazy woman to the back.
I don't think that this is real.
Laur was afraid to go there by herself.
I've had it with this stupid job.
Mary didn't tell you any of this, did she?
Anna is quite a doll.
There is no thinking without what is called 'association of ideas.'
They said they felt humiliated.
You're a little liar.
Is that what you think I want to hear?
I know Oscar isn't much older than Laur.
William told me you were pretty good at tennis.
At your service, my dear sir!
We continued to talk.
What was there to see?
Valentina is not just cute, she's a real beauty.
I will confirm my plane reservation.
Who told you that?
We didn't take notice of her sorrow.
I need you to come to Australia.
We wanted to keep you informed.
I didn't recognize your voice.
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Tommy said that doing that would be OK.
Why don't I write in Russian?
Do you think that Harry will come to Australia?
Why should I believe that?
That language sounds ugly.
Muhammad sat down at his desk.
Jack thought that Susie would like John.
Jami and Anna got married two weeks ago.
I tried to get Charlie to help us.
I can't keep my coat on in this heat.
What kinds of changes are needed to address these problems?
It really feels good.
Monica said she's not making a lot of money.
It is as if the whole sky were on fire.
They said that they thought they couldn't win.
Muhammad and Laur thought they'd be able to do that by themselves.
George said that he wished he hadn't asked Margaret to do that.
The radio station came back on the air shortly after the storm.
Can Oscar afford that?
James and Carmen are very close friends.
They told me they wanted to go to Boston.
This job calls for practice.
Jami and Susie said that they feel good.
I should've known something was wrong when Alex and Anna weren't here by 2:30.
Were you ever on television?
What good books these are.
I thought that I'd surprise Oscar.
I am not myself.
William is the head of the laboratory.
James and Monica took the concert tickets John offered them.
There's a cold wind from the north.
They said they were too weak to do that.
He cannot fix his attention on anything for long.
I don't think you need to tell Joe what you're going to do.
We saw another ship far ahead.
I think it's dangerous for children to play in the pond.
Muhammad and I enjoyed ourselves.
I know Jacob doesn't really want to do that anymore.
I have a pain in my neck.
Is that white car in front of my house William's or yours?
Who is so crazy?
That could buy us some time.
What do you think we should do?
She doesn't want to go to school today.
That wasn't a dream.
I thought Jack might want to go with us.
How did Oscar take it when you told him?
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
Something doesn't feel right.
I have fond memories of all the time we spent together.
James wasn't the one who told Mary that she didn't have do that.
What breed is your dog?
I suppose it's a good thing.
Let me say what I think.
I thought that you said that it was urgent.
I suppose I could help you.
Reading makes me happy.
I've got great news.
How tough is that to handle?
He was elected mayor of Boston.
The question is whether Jami will do it or not.
I would think that Joe would appreciate your help.
No, Sir, I am German.
I'm thinking about ordering another drink.
Why do you say these things, brother?
I didn't want to do anything with Oscar.
Muhammad has put on a lot of weight.
Look at the book which he put on the desk.
You'd better wait until Oscar gets here.
You're dear to me.
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.
William didn't convince everyone.
I should run.
Could that be James?
Watch them closely.
I told you we'd meet again.
William might not be able to do that yet.
Adam and Eva will ask John to do that for them, won't they?
Oliver makes good salad.
English is a language spoken throughout the world.
Harry is going out to buy some things.
Did Harry draw this picture by himself?
Do you know them?
I wonder whether William really likes Boston.
That was a special moment.
I did not betray you.
I advise you to listen to your doctor.
I know that Oliver is a violin teacher.
She always finds fault in everything.
We hired a car for a week when we were in Italy.
I thought that we talked about this already.
We both had to do that again.
Who gets to decide what's offensive?
Can I chat with you outside for a second?
They never told me they loved me.
I've been looking for you all morning.
James walked past.
Can someone explain this?
Adam can help you.
It would probably be impossible to do that by yourself.
I think a lot of people will be there today.
Jami said it should've been easy to do that.
Jack knows what's wrong.
It must have been an accident.
Susie said she knew William might need to do that.
I've already got a place to live.
It is a nice day!
George used to be your best friend, didn't he?
He knows we believe in him.
She certainly looks like she's rich.
You won't be able to help us.
Every child should be able to dress how they like.
He walked away too quickly for me to catch up with him.
Why do we care about what Oscar is going to do?
I don't recall asking you to do that.
The meeting ended at three in the afternoon.
Can you please correct my translation?
How you can be so blind?
His hobby is stamp collecting.
Jami and Alice said that they weren't wrong.
She never knew her parents.
You didn't invite me.
James came here all the way from Australia.
Oscar isn't going to be back until Monday.
He says he believes in ghosts.
Don't lose that.
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
I don't think George knows who's going to do that with Valentina.
The curtain was up and the performance had started.
Charlie is supposed to be here all afternoon.
Jack and Margaret were both silent for a long time.
William, Anna, John and Alice are all from Boston.
I thought that Joe would be glad to see Margaret.
He read the letter over and over.
Why don't you go on ahead without me?
We want to learn.
Tommy bought his wife everything she wanted.
They want to talk to you a moment.
Tommy isn't someone you should trust.
I love the way the language sounds.
It wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
I have no time to go to America.
Alex knocked on the door, but got no response.
Did you come by yourself today?
I have a feeling Catherine won't do what she's promised to do.
I suppose I'd better phone them.
A lot of trees grow in the countryside.
Call the police and tell them what you told me.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
That's not my umbrella.
Have you told Oscar about what happened yesterday at school?
Finding Adam won't be difficult.
Alex doesn't want to do that again.
James is free to do whatever he wants to do.
That horse may be a good bet.
We are not being careful.
It wasn't that cold.
Oliver and Julia promised they'd check on it.
How did you get to be a cop?
I promise I'll never tell her.
Put away your bicycle.
George paid for dinner and left the restaurant.
I understand finally.
You can't just quit.
Joe is going to be very tired when he gets home.
Maybe that's right.
I can't stop looking at Tommy.
If something happens, don't say I didn't warn you.
He just came back from the library.
I am a university student and I want to learn a lot.
Oliver picked his hat off the ground.
I love to travel abroad.
I wonder whether James is really reliable.
Let me see that.
It's got to be now.
I knew that Jack was in the kitchen, cooking.
I saw them tonight.
George isn't looking for sympathy.
You can do whatever you want to do.
Oscar and Lucy didn't think they should do that.
I don't like Adam and he doesn't like me either.
Alex doesn't know French at all.
You may answer the question.
I told Adam he should keep his promise.
This is my opinion.
I thought Joe wasn't as old as Susie.
I went fishing with my brother in the river.
I would love to buy you a drink.
Jack is not a happy boy.
I thought that you said you wanted to be the first one to do that.
It's not likely Jack will do what we ask.
You aren't going to open it, are you?
Is the news good or bad?
She told me she'd do that soon.
I don't think that Jami has any idea where Laur is.
I don't think that Jacob has much money with him.
William is John's older brother.
I didn't know that Oliver wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
You have to understand that.
Charlie is in need of a vacation.
The old woman fell and could not get up.
I'll leave this with you.
Which boy did that?
I'm left-handed.
I saw the boxing match on television.
Adam said he never wanted to do that.
How long is your Christmas vacation?
Harry didn't think that Eva would be in Australia this week.
Muhammad was alone on an empty beach.
Do you know how Oscar got that scar on his chin?
I haven't studied that much!
She promised she would be there.
I think my dad would have been pleased.
You should've just told me the truth.
It works the same way in every country. Well, almost.
She passed the examination by working hard.
He can swim.
She told me that she'll be back soon.
James and Laur both lived in Australia when they were children.
Muhammad has already bought what he wants.
Adam and Carmen ended 30 years of marriage.
He's washing his car right now.
Heat up a little milk for breakfast.
It's just a scratch.
Alex is the black sheep of the family.
I'll help Alex with his homework after dinner.
I don't think I need a coat today.
Which movie did you watch last?
I felt that that was too good a chance to miss.
They plan to get married tomorrow.
What a business it is!
Sweet dreams!
Put it on the table.
Thank you for listening.
I'm so sorry that I lied to you.
I should've told them the truth.
I only wish it wasn't so hot today.
You looked like you were drunk.
Jacob is as strong as a bull.
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.
Tommy either wears a gray suit or dark blue suit to work every day.
Harry said he did nothing wrong.
Jacob wanted to scare Laur.
It concerns my brother.
I knew James would be awake.
Try to have fun.
He said he was getting hungry.
That won't happen, certainly not.
They're now on their own.
James bought a house in Australia.
We shall do this free of charge.
I hope it wasn't too much trouble.
My mother never drives for fear of causing an accident.
Why don't I have a boyfriend?
I just wanted to tell you I'm sorry.
You'll probably get hurt if you do that the way Oliver suggested.
Be careful in there.
I'll see you to your car.
They said they didn't need a break.
It was cold last night.
Charlie gave water to his dog.
What was your favorite holiday when you were a child?
I'm afraid that Tommy will be arrested.
"Does it still work?" "Define 'work'."
Monica said she didn't know why Joe wanted to do that.
I don't know if Jami will be doing that or not.
Alex and I almost got married.
There is no time to argue.
There's plenty of coffee.
It is no wonder that he failed.
Charlie eventually wound up in Boston.
Shall we go home?
I want you to come at once.
Are you badly hurt?
I don't think that Oscar is the right person for this job.
Climb up the tree.
I don't think that I'd be able to forgive Jami if he did that to me.
Charlie wouldn't let me do that.
We carried out that plan.
I'd never marry someone like you.
It's very important.
She learned to bicycle over the last year.
Catherine said she wondered why William did that.
I suspect Oliver is worried about that.
James said that he was the very first one to do that.
I'm not helpless, you know.
I'm not on James's side.
All the children went to bed.
I think you know what I want.
George's plane leaves for Boston at 2:30 p.m.
I said hello. Didn't you hear?
I almost forgot to tell Oscar how to do that.
I think you should stop smoking.
She couldn't get the book she wanted.
Let's go to Australia next spring.
I hope my bike doesn't get stolen.
You can say anything you want about me, but don't say anything bad about James.
They ate their dinner.
I imagine you're not the only one, Mr Bark.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.
Changes are already under way.
Dan was promoted at his job.
Does Charlie have a big family?
Will you tell me how to play the guitar?
The noise bothers me.
I wonder why Charlie is glad that that's going to happen.
Would someone else like to eat?
Those two children are the same age.
William didn't seem to be as offended as Eva seemed to be.
We're giving him the apple.
Charlie did warn them.
Harry is cold, but Lucy isn't.
William took a crack at it.
George wasn't the one who told me that you needed to do that.
Many students bought the book.
My friend died from a wound.
The horse is far from the house.
She told you what to do, didn't she?
The color red is beautiful, but it can't beat blue.
I know that Joe can swim better than me.
Jack and Laur said they didn't want to ask John to help them.
William is the one who taught me that song.
Let's do more.
I'm not like them.
The girl did nothing but read all day.
I didn't think that anyone could've stopped Joe.
The thief seemed to break in through a window.
Why do you need matches?
I thought that I heard the door open.
What would you do if this was your last day on Earth?
It doesn't matter when you come.
Harry said he thought that Mary would be willing to do that.
Aren't you going to Muhammad's party?
I'd like to go and see Jack, but what good will it do?
I don't think there should be any problems.
Joe admitted he was a thief.
It's all work-related.
Why do you want to see us?
Jack works as a painter.
Both Jack and Margaret were in shock.
Alex believes that Catherine is lying.
Olivia thinks that she knows best.
William said he'd help me.
Jacob didn't think Valentina heard him.
They say that they plan to do that.
Jacob said that Eva was unable to do that.
I'm sure Jacob won't be frightened.
I was waiting for you to say that.
George and Emma have asked us to help them get ready for tonight's party.
I didn't really think it would happen.
Alex said that he knew the reason why Eva couldn't win.
It is getting worse.
The restaurant is downtown.
Jami will forgive Catherine.
Muhammad wished he'd never met Laur.
She told me that she could take it.
Jacob did not respond to my question.
Who are you to talk to me like that?
Why don't you drive?
I'm not lonely.
Charlie wasn't here earlier, was he?
We know all this already, Oscar.
There were no schools for the deaf at that time.
We're planning to go together.
George and Olivia have told me they can take care of themselves.
I really miss Oliver.
I'm not going to tell her that.
I really need to catch the first train tomorrow morning.
Did you fall from the sky?
You know how to repair computers, don't you?
To buy books would be a good thing if we also could buy the time to read them.
Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.
Don't throw a stone into the river.
We meet sometimes at the shop.
Alex ignored the request.
I think Oscar is determined to do that.
James watched Eva for a moment.
Please mail this letter for me.
Harry and Margaret told me they were feeling bad.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
George stayed to help Julia clean up.
Oliver is eager to succeed.
Who are they sending?
Dan didn't want to believe that Linda did that.
I don't want to lie to George.
I don't always do this this way.
Oliver is never going to find us.
When will you go?
I give you permission to do whatever it takes to finish the job.
Muhammad didn't let Mary sit next to him.
There was a boy named Johnny, he had a modest look of a lamb.
Will we be in time for the train?
William and Catherine told me they weren't sleepy yet.
I'll put $300 in the bank.
Bill was unable to get Julia to understand what he said.
What color is this cat?
I couldn't think of anything else I needed to do.
Did you know William played the guitar?
She was lying to you the whole time.
We call that color "midnight blue".
The boy all but fell into the river.
Doing that should be possible.
Jami made me get an appointment.
Alex had bigger plans for the future.
I can't give Mary everything she wants.
I will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
I'm not sure Carmen would want Jami to kiss her.
You could do that by phone.
How is it that you're always so full of energy?
My car is in the parking lot behind this building.
I wanted to hurt him.
George didn't realize that we wanted to do that.
Muhammad was able to do that without any help.
Do you know why Muhammad wouldn't do that?
It's super simple!
Tommy hadn't expected it to be like this.
My hands are tied.
They say that they know what they're doing.
I have to pay for it.
I'm getting dressed.
You seem to be a reasonable person.
There aren't many students who can read Latin.
George and Laur said they felt helpless.
I thought that you said that you enjoyed doing that.
Jami is pretty good at drawing.
I do a lot of worrying.
George will help me.
"From what I heard, you practically threw yourself at him." "I don't know what you're talking about."
James said he thought Margaret would be shy.
I hope you know that the last thing that I want to do is go there without your permission.
His passport was stolen.
They arrived at an awkward time.
Jacob seemed to be relieved.
Muhammad thought Julia and I wouldn't enjoy camping by ourselves.
Lucy didn't say when she was planning to leave.
Long live the king!
Why don't you help Jami with that?
I think Alex is still suspicious.
I have another job.
Let's not even worry about that today.
Oliver deserted his wife and family.
I know that Jacob isn't going to win.
Oscar says Margaret can do that.
He said that he spoke French.
I became Charlie's friend.
One moment, please. I'll be right back.
William is furious.
Oliver ended his speech with a joke.
He won the third prize.
That's not likely to happen in my lifetime.
That's a horrible plan.
I couldn't do otherwise.
We may never know who killed Jacob.
Most people don't talk about this stuff.
I got the impression James and Lucy weren't having any fun.
I never thought we'd get here on time.
Where on earth can Muhammad be?
Has anybody been helping you?
I have nothing better to do.
I didn't know that you wanted to work for me.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I don't think you need to tell Oliver why you didn't do that.
Who are Harry and Mary looking at?
You should come to class on time.
I think maybe Oliver has something else to do.
Monica was a little anxious.
James has something to do right now.
Jacob asked to be driven home.
The two politicians met face to face for the first time.
Can I do that tomorrow?
I know Joe knew Catherine wanted to do that.
You have one minute to defend your point of view.
Oscar and Olivia are just getting to know each other.
What can I get for you?
I don't think Oscar has any friends who do that.
James is a science teacher, isn't he?
Adam didn't know he was doing anything wrong.
He was taught English by a non-native English teacher.
They didn't know what they should say.
I'm not violent.
What are you learning from the teacher?
He has to repair the clock.
Why doesn't she have anything to say?
Jacob's trial is set for next Monday.
My right eye feels hot.
Jack and I didn't go together yesterday.
George made cookies.
Somehow we survived.
Do you think Muhammad will believe you?
William probably doesn't have enough time to do that before he goes home.
I hardly ever go to Boston.
I made him a promise.
When did you find out that Joe couldn't legally drive?
Be careful not to spill your beer.
I'm hoping Alex and Carmen don't show up.
Paris has a great charm for Japanese girls.
Emma lost her entire savings.
She said that she can't do that.
What is it you wanted to tell me?
We were all very hungry.
I know what they're going through.
I don't think that George knows how much time he'll need.
You may be in danger.
Muhammad didn't want to go hunting.
That's always a good sign.
Hard use has worn this bag.
I should never have become a teacher.
Please wait until the end of this month.
Why are you here alone?
Where did she see that happening?
You look so cool.
Oscar did all kinds of things he shouldn't have.
Why's your name not on the list?
George said he'd try.
William has more than enough room for us.
Jami went on a camping trip with a friend.
Oliver was a nice person.
It seems like all we do is work.
Charlie left the house after breakfast.
I was really looking forward to the game.
Eva is still on vacation, isn't she?
The wind remained calm.
I'd like to get together with you before I leave for Europe.
I didn't think Muhammad would actually do that.
Alex works as a waiter.
Be careful with what you say, you fool!
I know James knows that Catherine doesn't have to do that anymore.
I looked at my options very hard.
It's in the trunk.
There was fighting in the streets.
It seemed like Jack might complain.
Oliver isn't his real name.
I worked in this factory.
Jacob hasn't seen Margaret for quite a while.
Both Alex and Valentina lived in Boston.
I think Oliver is nice.
I would say that we have a full belly, right?
I've got some business here.
We might not stay in Boston as long as we had planned to.
Why are they so different?
Muhammad and Valentina are planning to sing together.
I don't think that I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
He solved every problem.
I don't know what I think.
You cannot put the entire blame on me!
I had a hard day.
William was born in Boston in 2013.
I have the keys.
I'm used to the heat.
Why don't we cancel the party?
I hope Jack and Anna aren't at today's meeting.
You'll be able to do that if you put your mind to it.
Let's go grab a cup of coffee.
Here is her letter asking us to take care of her only son.
I met him by pure chance.
Aren't you still upset about that?
You look just like a guy I used to know.
You have to work harder on your Japanese studies.
Jack said Susie died in her sleep.
Dan is on Linda's side.
It should be OK to do that now.
Julia would just like to know what she did wrong.
The waters of the river ran red with blood.
He's still waiting for her downstairs.
Who else did you tell?
They said their houses weren't locked.
I didn't know who was going to meet me at the airport.
The house Jack built is really nice.
We're all done.
He said that he'd be right back.
I thought this book was interesting.
Did Adam say anything about who was with Margaret?
Most back pain gets better on its own.
I came here as soon as I heard you needed help.
I think William kissed Margaret yesterday.
Large fries, please.
Give me some tea.
Please add a period at the end of your sentence.
I don't need to wear a suit and tie to work.
George told me he's ready to do that.
I'll pay for the drinks.
I haven't cooked the eggs yet.
We're going to rent a car and drive to Boston.
I think that James has been to Boston at least once.
The place was totally deserted.
I thought that Oscar was your cousin.
What's this purple stain?
William said that he wished he'd given flowers to Julia.
What do you love? What don't you love?
I gave Alex an opportunity to do that.
Alex said he didn't want to eat right now.
I knew it would make her happy.
I love going to the beach.
Doing that didn't make George happy.
That's not a coincidence.
She sang better than he.
I was hoping you'd tell me.
They said that they've done nothing wrong.
As soon as the dog heard his master's voice, off he ran like a shot.
You said that they could help us.
Harry says that he's feeling OK.
Tell them I'm coming.
I don't like the ocean.
Carmen doesn't seem to know what she has to do.
James didn't know that Alice had been sick.
May I have the check, please?
William said that Eva was glad that she didn't do that.
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.
Emma said she had a terrible cold.
She said she would come tomorrow.
Wait for your turn.
Joe will be waiting for me in front of the station.
Why didn't you take a taxi?
Her face suddenly turned red.
They may even ask if you are all right or if there is something they can help you with.
How did you know that I was going to get fired?
A policeman ran past.
I didn't know that you two were related.
Thomas jumped up, as if his friend were a ghost.
He said he needed our help.
She found several T-shirts she liked.
I wonder if Jami is married.
Live your life.
They've hanged themselves.
Carmen says she's never cried.
William hated to bother Lucy so late at night, but it was an emergency.
The children are all excited.
You're a grown woman now.
They call you Sue.
How did we not know that Joe and Susie were unhappy?
William disappeared on October 20th.
Monica said she'd win.
We can talk after dinner.
Jack didn't really feel like eating Korean food.
I didn't feel I needed to wait for Joe.
Adam is better off than he was this time last year.
I knew Adam wasn't going to do that.
She's making fun of you.
I was so happy that day.
I don't want Joe to come to my party.
George also studied law.
Can I join the team?
I teach third grade.
I believe that I belong here.
Do you see that cabin?
It's really smooth.
I don't need that anymore.
Don't blame Alex. He's only doing his duty.
You've been most helpful.
I won't confirm it.
James said that he hoped Julia would be able to help us today.
I think we should wait for them.
William was jumping up and down with excitement.
Monica says she hopes Harry knows who wants to do that.
I wonder whether George is OK.
I think I'll be able to do that this afternoon.
I don't drink a lot of wine.
William is proud of his son.
This is too good a chance to miss.
Harry came to Australia to look for a job.
He is not equal to her in intelligence.
We'll probably be able to figure this out eventually.
I think you should go there with Alex.
I might die soon.
William is getting ready to go to a party.
Jacob committed suicide in prison.
I've been thinking and I think that your decision is the best.
We wouldn't want to scare Joe.
Harry loved those jeans.
Jack came to school even though he was sick.
Joe didn't want to leave Anna behind.
I think Alex and Susie are still sick.
Jack and Monica are getting ahead of themselves.
James doesn't think that it'll be quite that easy to do that.
Adam loves cooking.
I'm sorry that you drew the short straw on this.
Tommy and Julia weren't sure what to do.
I don't think that it's anything we need to worry about.
Catherine said she planned to get home on Monday.
Harry pretty much stays at home.
Alex and Catherine say they don't speak French.
Jami says he's always dreamed of doing that.
He held his nose.
He ran the fastest of all.
Oscar might not eat this kind of cheese.
This land belongs to Harry.
I know that Alex knew that he shouldn't do that here.
She needs to talk to her lawyer.
Nobody ever comes here in the morning.
They've done their homework.
Please tell me why you want to leave.
I thought that we could hang out together.
Though young, he is wise.
I threw it in the river.
Alex said that Valentina wasn't at school.
I told him to make the deal.
It was fate.
We need to take them home.
I asked him to watch my things.
I wrote a book about China.
Adam and Laur said they wished John wouldn't do that.
James is in his office working late.
As soon as I sat down, I fell asleep.
Jami told me that he wouldn't go to Australia unless I went with him.
What food do you like most?
You shouldn't have to kiss Oliver.
Thank you for meeting me.
I'll let you know as soon as I know.
Where did this custom start?
Catherine said she was enjoying herself.
Muhammad wrote to a friend.
Her hair was as light as the clouds.
Be quiet while we're eating.
I thought that you'd be happy.
He said that he heard the gunshots.
We've never had anybody do that before.
Let me buy you a beer.
I think we can make a difference.
Stop arguing about money.
Oliver isn't sure where Mary parked her car.
Have Harry report here tomorrow morning.
James and Laur have admitted that they stole John's bicycle.
Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request.
Would you help me move this?
Oliver said that he isn't sure whether Olivia needs to do that.
I'm feeling younger again.
Julia was your teacher, wasn't she?
She felt someone touch her shoulder.
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you.
I want the same thing you do.
Joe hopes Eva knows that she shouldn't do anything John wants her to do.
You aren't supposed to burn trash here.
Jacob told me that he thought that Olivia was high.
I don't think that we'll get home before dark.
Olivia told me that she and Oliver were still married.
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.
Tell me again where you live.
Just the same!
I know that you've been through a lot.
Get to know Alex.
I wonder if George really did that alone.
Do you want me to believe that there will be no music festival with foreign guests in Italy this summer?
Such a boy is loved by everybody.
Muhammad and Susie said they didn't really know what to buy.
I'd appreciate it if you'd wait a little bit longer.
Yesterday she was writing better than today.
I retired.
Adam wants his children to have a good education.
One of these days, I'll do that.
Both of my brothers did that.
I talked to Oliver just the other day.
He just kissed me. Nothing really happened.
They promised.
You're over-analyzing.
Jami is lost, isn't he?
I thought that you said that you didn't want to do that.
They've been out there a long time.
You must work together.
I'm going to go get Alex now.
Maybe you should leave me alone.
Adam remembered where Emma had told him to go.
I don't think we can win.
This isn't salt.
Please tell Jami to hurry up.
He has a bad temper.
Muhammad and Julia told John they didn't know how to do that.
He bought his daughter a dress.
Are you waiting for me to do that?
I'm getting too old for this.
We've got them.
That's more or less all I can say at the moment.
I really wanna go to the park today.
Jacob says he just couldn't permit Monica to do that.
How can you say that you have nothing to wear? Your closet is full of clothes.
Take a wild guess.
I plan to keep my promise.
Are you busy this coming Monday?
I'm sure it wasn't easy.
She told me that she was at home.
I can imagine how you felt.
It's rude to speak with your mouth full.
Olivia wishes she could speak French.
We were just about to start doing that.
Did you really expect Tommy to tell you the truth?
During a conversation, ask about the man you're talking to.
I'm still afraid to do that.
I don't mind in the slightest who he is.
You've got to help her.
Tommy is taking care of Julia's dog while she's away.
I'm the one you should be listening to.
His house is very far from the station.
I was pretty hungry.
Adam would've succeeded if he'd tried harder.
I've been to Australia, but only once.
We've had a long relationship.
George and Alice said they thought that would likely not happen.
I hang out with Harry a lot.
Oscar walked around the island.
Such conduct is beneath your dignity.
The next morning I found him traveling by train.
We must take that chance.
Who else do you know who can speak French?
George was in a terrible accident.
I'm not mad. I'm just sad.
They look like they need a vacation.
You don't seem to be even trying.
I had a similar problem when I was in Australia.
Harry headed back into the studio.
Do any of you need medical assistance?
A new museum is being built in the center of the city.
Judging from the expression on her face, she is worried.
I know Oliver knew why Valentina was doing that by herself.
William said he thought that Julia was too slow.
I think there's something wrong.
She didn't seem very busy, did she?
You must be really hungry.
Joe is cutting corners.
The old man the boat.
Is that why you called me?
My God! I left the wallet in my room!
A hundred dollars was a lot of money back then.
This is my driver.
Alex had fallen desperately in love with her.
Don't just ignore me.
Why won't Oscar go to Australia?
Provided that the fire department doesn't come to us!
I think Jacob can swim better than Eva.
She looked directly into his eyes.
He sometimes sleeps in.
Joe stayed after class to ask the teacher a few questions.
Alex convinced Margaret that she needed to do that.
William is one of the three guys who have to do that.
Joe never mentioned any of this to me before.
Oscar suggested we wait.
Don't be a slave to money.
Why are you suddenly aggressive?
You did exactly what Jacob wanted you to do.
Joe and Eva look like they're sick.
Neither Adam nor Susie has decided to move to Boston.
He gave a straight answer.
There's no money left in my bank account.
James opened the bedroom windows.
The train gathered speed.
They said that they'd like to win.
The work finally saw the light last month.
It is not far from the hotel.
Alex and Margaret tried to help me, but I told them I didn't need their help.
I've never heard you talk like that.
She's planning to travel the entire country.
Oscar told me he thought Anna knew French.
Julia will probably tell Adam what she needs to do.
I have to study for tomorrow's French exam.
Who would've thought?
I think we'll have time to do all that tomorrow.
Have you ever lived in Boston?
I'll send you a picture.
Oscar said that he'd rather go home.
I actually haven't done that yet.
Oh! Why me?!
Do you really think Oscar is good-looking?
You're weird - I like you.
Do you really believe you can beat Tommy?
I didn't like beer the first time that I tried it.
They say that he's very rich.
For what reason did you cry?
He's a little pale.
Why don't you call Eva and remind her?
They sent us the results.
Those were his very words.
That went right over his head.
Jack almost passed out from the pain.
Muhammad thought Anna was listening.
The baby will be able to walk soon.
Harry looked miserable.
Tommy realized he shouldn't do that.
Charlie made so many people happy.
How long will you be in Tokyo for?
Catherine told me that she might win.
That sounds painful.
I live pretty close to you.
I'm just trying to stay warm.
What would you do if you had one year free?
I wouldn't talk to George if I were you.
Susie said Muhammad knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Do you think I need to get help?
Where did you study French?
Did you know George wasn't paid for doing that?
How did that get in here?
I want to learn French.
You cannot take pictures in the theater without permission.
You don't really need to do that, do you?
Charlie is sleeping right now.
James and Catherine say they hope John doesn't do that.
I wonder why Oscar is studying French.
Anna is going to wait for us, isn't she?
Have you already voted?
That'll never happen again.
School was exciting.
Have you been totally honest with me?
But that's not all that happened.
They made their beds.
It certainly wasn't easy to get James to help.
Try to look at it from their point of view.
She waited for me until I arrived.
Can you believe James?
They're counting their money.
Jacob is looking right at you.
Oh my god, it's delicious!
I don't think Jack wants to go to Boston with Emma.
Jack turned on his turn signal.
Jami told me that he was already married.
Tommy will find a place to live soon enough.
Don't disturb her. She is at work right now.
Who do you think'll be at the party?
She seemed to be happy, didn't she?
I told Jami and Carmen that I thought they looked drunk.
Who do you think made that mistake?
I can't understand a word you're saying.
Joe has done nothing illegal.
They need to improve their grades.
Return to the ship at once.
I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Carmen said she had somewhere to go.
This year, I need to buy a car.
She kept it hidden from me.
Did you tell Adam and Laur that they shouldn't be doing that?
I can show you a better way to do that.
After my father took his last breath, I had to phone my aunt in Germany and when I told her that he died, she corrected me: he passed on.
I thought that you said you were determined to do that.
Nobody is out of the woods yet.
That's certainly an interesting question.
Alex and Valentina don't want to be pilots.
They say they won't sing.
She admitted that she was cold.
I had not waited long before the bus came.
He wasn't always like that.
Tommy made me go against my will.
We've had a lot of problems with this machine.
William said he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Is the boss in a good mood today?
When did Adam get those jeans?
Alex isn't going to marry you.
I thought you said that you enjoyed golf.
Joe told me that he wasn't planning to stay very long.
George heard Monica was a good teacher.
Do Charlie and Olivia know I want them to do that?
On which chair did you put the book?
You were hoping to win, weren't you?
I know Charlie wants to become a plastic surgeon.
Eva put her hand on George's forehead to see if he had a fever.
George is good-natured.
Jacob ordered an extra large pizza.
If Joe breaks his promise, he'll regret it.
I brought something for you.
I don't think it'll be possible to do that without some help.
You need to stop doing that.
She was the one who suggested it.
The only one who knows how to do that is Oliver.
There is violence and chaos in the streets.
Having filled my suitcase, I hardly managed to close it.
Jacob can be contacted by phone.
Eva asked George if he knew why John didn't like her.
You should free those animals from the cage.
I haven't agreed to give all the details.
Tommy is hoping we'll do that with Susie.
Let's have a party for Catherine before she goes.
Adam said he thought the pilot was drunk.
One shouldn't take the hat away from a fool.
I have nothing in common with James so I don't know what to talk about.
I think that Jami is uncomfortable.
I admit that I was surprised.
It hasn't been easy for Muhammad to learn how to walk again.
George should probably not tell Monica he's hungry.
We have a big dog.
No, I can't. It's too big!
Adam and Monica got off their horses.
Jack must've been lying.
And Joseph was governor in the land of Egypt, and corn was sold by his direction to the people.
Jami took out his gun and shot Mary.
Do you know a better way?
The teacher walked into the class.
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.
Alex will probably tell Julia that she should make herself a couple of sandwiches.
Adam didn't know Hawaii was part of the United States.
They have a common hobby.
Oscar climbed into bed with his parents.
I'm glad that what George said was going to happen didn't happen.
I don't need to see it.
Oliver is playing with his son.
Do you want to end up like them?
He respects his elders.
When it comes to playing chess, he is second to none.
I'm going to shoot that guy.
I'm worth more than this.
I can't think about retirement yet.
Hasn't Charlie suffered enough?
Help me fix this.
I tell her everything.
I'll be coming back to Boston soon.
We've been here for three weeks now.
Jacob told me he'd be busy on Monday.
Hey, this is nice.
You don't understand at all.
I've never heard of him before.
She seemed happy to see me.
The men will be happy no matter what they get back.
Don't expose it to the rain!
Adam and Catherine are on their own.
Jacob fell and hurt his leg.
She could've done it by herself.
Wouldn't you rather stay for another hour?
Oscar quickly shut the book.
In case I forget, please remind me.
I can beat you.
Did anybody call for security?
Joe and Eva say that they aren't hungry yet.
She's playing with her toy truck.
I hope I can go to Australia one day.
Make yourselves comfortable.
You're annoying me!
Joe and Valentina say they don't know if they have time to do that.
I don't think that I can leave early.
We're going to the beach tomorrow.
The only country James and Alice have ever gone to is Australia.
She tied the dog to a tree.
I'm going with Joe.
Joe is a gentleman.
The second button of your shirt is coming off.
Tell George to lock the door.
How long you will be in Boston?
In general, it may be said that he is a genius in music.
Your car is more expensive than mine.
Neither Muhammad nor Monica has had many opportunities to do that.
I'm going on vacation next week.
Don't Muhammad and Monica sometimes do that?
Stop her.
I've loved you since the first time that I laid eyes on you.
She is not old.
They did not manage to keep it up in the second half.
They all loved it.
I could try.
Do you like this design?
Did you get the flowers I sent?
Do you think Oscar would care if Monica did that?
About this time tomorrow, we will be in London.
These guys only want to use you.
Laur has already done everything we've asked her to do.
I know Harry knows why Julia has to do that tomorrow.
One-third of the six members were women.
How could George possibly have known what I was doing?
Charlie is going to be very hurt if you do that.
He can do that any way he likes.
How long would it take us to do that?
She said that she wasn't happy here.
Harry came to talk to me this afternoon.
He has denied he cheated.
He was a handsome man.
You know I can't sing.
I don't want to blame anyone.
I'm still pretty angry.
I'm very fat.
Charlie died yesterday.
Jami found a job that he likes.
I don't remember anything at all.
It will only get better.
Do you think George and Lucy have already done that?
You knew that Adam told everybody he was going to do that, didn't you?
I drink coffee in a cafe.
I'm afraid it'll rain tomorrow.
Make sure William and Julia go to bed before 9:00.
You're a great coach.
I'm not sure what to do.
Are you still doing OK?
I'm back again.
You should let Alex know you'll probably be late.
As soon as William and Laur get here, we'll start the meeting.
Tommy said I didn't look like I was having a good time.
Everything is different today.
I can take Oscar to the park.
Are you sure you have enough money to buy that?
What's Germany's highest mountain?
While he was sick, he lost a lot of weight.
Oscar and Margaret didn't really mean to do that, did they?
This is very expensive.
I'm supposed to do this by myself.
Apparently you are right.
Adam is the guy who helped Valentina do that.
He is thirsty for fame.
What kind of cable do you need?
I couldn't go out, due to the heavy rain.
There were a few children in the room.
We all felt hungry.
You may do that any way you like.
One who is not willing to learn is not worth teaching.
I saw Tommy and could barely recognize him.
Do you think Jack and Valentina know what we were doing here?
Alex asked me if I cried.
Maybe you did that wrong.
You never gave me a chance.
Throw a rock at it.
I dare say she is still in Japan.
Divide the cake among you three.
They denied they did that.
Oliver is likely to still be tense.
I can't play the organ.
Not a star was to be seen.
I was just doing some reading.
You didn't know I was supposed to do that, did you?
This is very typical for you.
I hate pretending I like George.
I can understand him perfectly.
George seemed to be jealous.
Bring help.
I think it's pretty good.
William will be with us until next Monday.
They said they thinks you're stupid.
I expect Oscar to do that on October 20th.
What'll you be doing the day after tomorrow?
Who's your favorite baseball player?
They didn't break their promises.
Except for the weather, it was a great picnic.
Adam took a lot of pictures when he was in Australia.
Oh, no. I broke a string in my racket.
The defendant has no history of drug abuse.
Alex didn't think Valentina was bored.
Jacob and Laur said they had a very urgent matter to discuss with their boss.
I like this one.
Charlie said that he doesn't feel tired.
Charlie picked up right where he left off.
Tommy is very happy that Susie did that.
I wonder if Harry is downstairs.
William seemed to be tired tonight.
James will be driving Emma home.
I want my money back.
She said she was feeling bad.
Joe said he thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
His behavior was that of a gentleman.
What should I explain?
It is necessary for you to start now.
I have to ask her first.
Do you remember what you were wearing the first time that I met you?
It's a well-known fact.
There is very little wine in the bottle, if any.
How could Adam know?
How much money do teachers make?
How could Joe do that to me?
I assumed that you'd be up at this hour.
It was the perfect place for monsters to hide.
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
His answer is to the point.
I work as a cook.
William and Eva are serious.
Oscar is one of the thirty people who were told to do that.
Please see that the job is finished.
I won't forgive Oliver.
I helped Oliver.
Muhammad said he was going to Boston.
Let's join the celebration.
Jack doesn't seem very concerned about that problem.
I just wanted to listen to some music.
He has a very broad knowledge of the world.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
Many states have similar laws.
I'll show you around Boston.
I'm tired of all this noise.
Can we talk about this inside?
I don't like this drawing.
Jacob and Lucy said they wanted my help.
He was advanced to the rank of general.
Where did Jami and Mary go for their honeymoon?
Do you know where you're going?
If you want to succeed, you have to try harder.
You still look confused.
I'm just glad no one got hurt.
Can you find her?
Mrs. Smith can get her husband to do anything she likes.
I am quite ignorant of their plan.
Charlie was in the shower.
I've been going over your books.
George doesn't take Susie seriously.
I have been here for two years.
This river is deep enough to swim in.
I don't want you to do anything you're going to regret.
There's nothing I can do that Harry can't do.
Every woman was shocked at the sight.
These kids are so bright and so talented.
Adam thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor.
She's twenty-six (26).
I asked him if I could read his book.
I think it's a little too early to celebrate.
I am very much pleased with my new maid.
Are you at home next weekend?
Do you know where everybody else is?
I didn't say that I used to live in Australia.
I need to put some gas in the car, as it's almost empty.
At last, we got rid of him.
We have agreed on everything.
Do you still have a headache?
I don't think that Muhammad knows why he should do that.
Harry wore a long-sleeved shirt.
Forgive me, my love.
I think that Charlie might be able to do that.
That's what this is about.
I'll try and find Thomas for you.
Joe has been making an effort.
William didn't have to tell anybody anything.
You may be wrong.
A teacher's job isn't easy.
Life is full of surprises.
They gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
He was exhausted.
When did you find out that Jami wasn't the one who did that?
I wouldn't ask Harry to do anything that he doesn't really want to do.
Oliver says that you're a good student.
Why did God create the universe?
He arrived at the station.
James is talking.
That made me cry.
A nice big glass of water is a good way to start the day.
I often remember my happy childhood.
I've asked myself that question a thousand times.
Bill, open the door.
Ow, the coffee is very hot!
Do you sell town plans, please?
And it lasted until early morning.
He speaks as if he knew the criminal.
James thinks he's a good person.
The satellite is now in orbit.
Charlie is pretty tired.
Joe is waiting in the living room.
They're really proud of their kids.
Julia considered her answer carefully.
I'll get Jacob to do that for you.
I'm a police officer.
I thought Jack would show up.
I'm afraid of hospitals.
She's painting her fence.
The trouble with us is that we have no funds.
Jack is the only one who wasn't at Mary's party.
Did Oliver study with you?
Would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week?
It was a fine sunny day.
I can explain everything to you.
I didn't want to listen to what he had to say.
Harry stood in a line for three hours.
I don't think that will fly.
The poem worked on her heart.
She is having lunch now.
John has a ready tongue.
Did you watch the soccer game on television?
I don't think that Jami will come to school today.
He will trust you.
Anna said she's only met George once.
We have to get James to a doctor.
She woke up on her own.
I was going to do that the day before yesterday.
Tommy said he thought that he might be allowed to do that again.
Oliver didn't know why Margaret was unhappy.
That was my point.
You can't lose that much weight.
You said you were going to go to Boston this weekend.
It takes time to understand this.
Winter is right around the corner.
I always wear a watch so I know what time it is.
Tommy seemed to like teaching French.
Oscar is likely going to be arrested.
Did you really break up with her over the phone? That's rude.
Joe promised that he would be more careful in the future.
The girl singing over there is my sister.
I couldn't care less what they say.
I wanted to stay in Australia, but I couldn't.
Susie can walk on her hands.
There are more of those in the drawer.
They forgot to pay their phone bills.
That made Joe smile.
I'll never be able to learn to dance.
Joe was the only other person who did that.
What makes you think Jami likes you?
Please find her.
Why don't you invite them over?
Aren't you planning to go to Australia with Jami?
Who is she?
William and Valentina told me they won.
George has to deal with this alone.
When I was playing video games in the living room, Mother asked me if I would go shopping with her.
She doesn't love anyone, and no one loves her.
We thank you very much!
I said I saw Harry.
The house was destroyed by the flood.
We have an important matter to discuss.
Jack didn't take a bath for a week.
I think George doesn't know how to do that.
Muhammad looks like he's upset.
This road will take you to the station.
Who told Adam that he could do that?
We're going to set off at four.
The summer holidays are over.
George and Carmen said that they remembered being there.
James said that he'd rather do that alone.
I helped cook lunch.
I think my wife may be cheating on me.
He cannot be older than I.
Do you want anything else?
Go away! I hate you!
I'm dying to pick some fresh fruit.
Tommy ate the apple.
I have not finished the task yet.
I think you can handle it.
Don't take any notice of what he said.
If you act like that, he'll think you hate him.
Jacob certainly has a temper.
I can't ride a motorcycle.
Oscar and Lucy both know John isn't happy here.
We've had a lot of chances to do that.
We have almost 300 employees.
One can't play baseball here.
William told me to do whatever I want to do.
Jami didn't seem to be as slow as Alice seemed to be.
We had no choice. We had to do what they told us to do.
I already plan to do that.
Alex had a party at his place Monday evening.
Charlie sat on the steps talking to a girl named Catherine.
A native speaker wouldn't likely say it that way.
I hope I can find a buyer for this.
Jack didn't realize that we could to do that.
The flood was the greatest disaster they had ever had.
William has not slept for two days.
What train is William coming in on?
Is it different this time?
I bought a shirt yesterday.
William thought that he had come up with the perfect plan.
Oscar cries a lot.
What's Joe ever done to you?
It gets worse.
My best friend was in that teacher's class.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Was Emma wearing a cape?
I've already had lunch.
He must not live.
Jacob said that isn't the only reason why Margaret should do that.
Harry's very upset about something.
Tommy didn't seem very nervous.
She says that she'll wait.
Both my parents are not alive.
If you want to blame somebody, blame me.
I know his family.
Not a sound was heard.
There is little sympathy in the letter.
I definitely have to do that.
Thank you again for your help.
I didn't understand how to do that.
That's worth a lot to me.
Muhammad is back in Boston, isn't he?
How should organize my writing?
You heard the news?
Oliver doesn't want to let Lucy go.
You don't have to talk.
You should report this to the police.
Was your dad a thief? Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes.
I'm going with them.
Put yourself in my position. What would you have done?
Joe is a bad influence on you.
That car belongs to Oscar.
I'm too busy to do that right now.
Everything looks pretty normal.
Someone tried to poison Charlie.
Does this happen often?
George worked.
I know why George didn't do that.
Sometimes you need to distance yourself to see things clearly.
We admit that he is a man of ability.
Laurie slept with Emily, her best friend.
Jacob was extremely popular.
I think you think too much.
Valentina lives with her husband in Boston.
I didn't know both Jami and Lucy were still in prison.
Maybe I don't love you.
I'll do it anyway.
This was very unlike Oliver.
I thought you were going to Australia.
Oliver told Julia she needed to be in Australia next Monday.
Jacob isn't cruel.
I like the way Oscar does that.
Drink your medicine.
I couldn't find a job in Boston.
This seems to be a pretty nice place.
He's as beautiful as the sun.
This is getting boring.
What does the bill amount to?
We'll be right there.
Charlie and Susie told me they weren't feeling very good.
They hate insects.
It's a beautiful sword.
I will not die here.
How do you know I didn't volunteer?
James didn't have to think long.
They want this.
We'll all miss you, Joe.
If only it would stop raining!
She wanted to call her lawyer.
I don't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house.
Are you still planning on going back to Australia?
Taking a photo with the trees in the background.
You didn't do that for me, did you?
I have taken food.
George decided to try.
George and Alice say that they've met you.
Where did Oscar point?
They stole my bag.
There's nothing we can do now.
What I really want to hear about is Harry's new girlfriend.
I walked for two hours in the afternoon heat.
You know that isn't right, don't you?
William knows what kind of person Catherine is.
You do that differently than Tommy.
The fish fought hard.
Oscar wondered why Emma had never gotten a driver's license.
William seemed to be healthy.
I don't know whether I'll have time to do that.
Watch what I do very carefully.
I want to be an artist.
George has also left.
He always wears heavy clothes.
The teacher didn't know what to say.
She went in for the audition last week.
The press will be watching.
Jami laid down the gun on the floor.
I know Alex was going to do that today.
Why do you think James ought to do that?
It's raining outside. Don't forget to close the windows when you get back home.
Do you want me to look into that matter?
She's probably just gone to visit her parents.
She almost got away with it.
Muhammad asked his friends if they thought Catherine liked him.
We hired them.
Have you been in Rio?
They weren't sure that they could do that.
Jacob and Catherine have been doing that all their lives.
Please introduce me to your new friends.
They were really concerned.
It's a good thing you didn't go to Jack's party.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that.
My plan has been rejected.
Racing car drivers aren't just in it for the prize money but also for the thrill of racing.
The answer was easy.
People don't want the truth.
Jane filled out an application.
James said that Lucy thought John might have to do that on Monday.
I'm writing a new book.
I think it's a serious problem.
He has done what he had to do.
She wanted to ask a question, so she raised her hand.
Tommy believes Anna is wrong.
Valentina sounds like her mother.
The yen rose to the dollar.
Charlie admitted he didn't win.
My father has bought a new car.
Oscar still can't speak French very well.
I'll sing by myself.
I don't think that we'll meet again.
Chin up!
Adam said he wanted to go swimming.
I thought Alex would give Mary John's phone number.
What was in the envelope?
Jack is waiting for someone to come pick him up.
I can't believe you're going to ask Monica to marry you.
This is something I must face alone.
I'm often mistaken.
Emma asked James to drive her home.
His company didn't survive the crisis.
Don't forget that Jami has no sense of humor.
Please just do everything I do.
William is setting the table for dinner.
The problem is I still don't know if I can trust you.
These shoes don't fit my feet.
That can happen sometimes.
Where did you get the money?
I'm pretty sure about that.
Have you ever been to Asia?
He survived a flight accident.
Let me make you some coffee.
Julia told William that she was interested.
I finally caught up with my friends.
Why don't you lie down for a while?
You should do your best in everything.
I don't think anyone really understands me.
He has a maid to wait on him.
It sounds like Joe was unconscious.
A baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
I hope Tommy is going to be sensible about that.
Tommy is fed up with Valentina's bad behavior.
The door was still closed.
I catch the flu every year.
Just sit down and listen to me.
Catherine is average looking.
I appreciate your integrity.
I thought you could do it for me.
Let's just leave it at that.
They say they'll do whatever they can.
I'll show you to the station.
Oscar and Catherine did better this time than they did last time.
I know that Tommy didn't know that I'd never done that.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that with Joe.
Jami appears to be winning.
He broke his right arm.
This is a picture of my drawing.
I enjoyed getting to know him.
The door was difficult to open.
Carmen felt that she owed Alex an explanation.
Do you think that's all we need to do?
Now what will all the idiots believe who remained alive?
William told me he hoped that Laur would be back soon.
Maria wrote me a letter.
Oscar explained that he was the one who had done that.
I'm glad that he passed the exam.
Tell me why George and Catherine aren't here.
It wasn't as simple to do as we thought it was going to be.
Julia is studying French now, isn't she?
I'd be disappointed if you did that.
I haven't taken out the garbage.
I thought that you'd miss your train.
He got good marks in math.
Charlie has been a great help to me.
You're Emily.
It is no use looking for the cake; I already ate it.
Muhammad knew that I was going to do that.
Why do we have to do this?
I want to buy Adam a present.
He said he didn't enjoy doing that.
They're asking us to help them.
Did you even know his name was Alex?
I didn't feel I should do what Charlie and Valentina were doing.
The moon came out from behind the clouds.
That's what I wished for.
I can hear everything.
It doesn't matter that you don't want to do it; the fact is that you have to.
The man robbed him of all his money.
I don't claim that we're perfect.
Jacob did the work by himself.
Jacob and Emma are planning to vote for the same candidate.
Why did they kick you out of school?
I don't think Joe is blind.
I know James would be able to do that if he really needed to.
William thought Mary was nervous.
Do you know when Harry returned?
I'm pretty happy with the progress we've made.
I hope that Julia passes the examination.
This example is a little more complex.
How did that get into your head?
Right now, I'm more worried what may happen to you than what may happen to me.
He doesn't have the strength to say anything.
Thank you very much! — You're welcome.
I doubt if George will be bored.
James and Anna claimed they weren't the ones who did that.
Valentina said she was feeling bad.
When you were two years old, you could already count to ten.
Do you have an umbrella that I could borrow?
She sometimes helps her mother.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was quite good.
I feel like I was born in the wrong time.
I thought that you didn't know how to do anything.
I asked him if he knew her well.
Suddenly, Harry collapsed onto the ground.
It's more difficult than it looks.
Oliver should probably not tell Eva he's going to Australia.
If you look at the song's lyrics, they really don't mean much.
I want you to love me for who I am.
Just think about this.
I have no idea what I need to do now.
I hope you find them.
I am bringing down this old wall.
I'm looking for them.
Mary is visiting Boston, isn't she?
I'm just as busy as you are.
Charlie and Monica are the ones who told John to do that.
I can't give in; that's just how I am.
I saw Muhammad doing it.
That's not exactly what I agreed to do.
Jami is as busy as ever.
It has been her dream to be a university professor.
Why don't you go get them?
To go faster you'd better go alone, to go further you'd better go with someone.
I think you should open an account here.
Adam said that everybody he knows does that.
I'm all better now.
I know Oscar won't try to do that.
Although the sun was out, it was cold.
Why don't I just talk to them?
I suspect that Charlie has been injured.
Emma doesn't go to the market, no matter if Jacob goes to the market.
The manager put up a notice about the extra holiday.
She told me she wasn't tired.
Greedy cats are out for a fast buck.
"But you just come here in the summer!" Said Tony.
Alex said Anna was hoping she could help John.
It was the last battle that ended the war.
I wonder whether William did what he said he'd do.
I've been told to do that.
Did you watch TV tonight?
I deserved their trust.
I just don't agree with them.
Please do not write in this library book.
I don't want her to go to jail.
I was kind of surprised Tommy said that he'd do that.
Oliver knows he isn't likely to be punished.
She saved us all.
George sells most of the vegetables that he grows.
I need you to help me.
It seems we are in the same boat.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we'd have been born that way.
Harry works at Harvard.
Charlie said he freaked out.
Please take your hands off me.
I didn't tell Anna why I didn't want her to go to Boston with me.
Adam wants to be popular.
Try hard to hold it tight!
We had a picnic last weekend.
How many dogs does Mary have?
I think his name is Adam.
She walked towards her house.
Adam thinks I don't need to do that.
She's in the kitchen.
I know you feel grateful.
What's he doing out there? Invite him inside!
Monica could no longer control herself.
Adam is in a meeting right now.
I love no one more than you.
I just hope no one saw me.
Happiness is a choice.
Would you like tea or something?
The Old Man and the Sea is a very exciting book.
I got turned off.
I think Adam and Olivia both want to go to Australia.
She says she plans to do that.
Rules are important for everyone.
I liked staying in Boston.
We'll have to do a bit of walking to get from here to the bank.
I know William wouldn't be stupid enough to do that alone.
I've made some decisions.
So I want to explain who these people are.
She's writing at her desk.
There's something sort of familiar about you.
He said he'd be right back.
James was not interested in her.
Shut up and let me think.
The Queen and her husband visited the castle for a few days.
Any amount of money will be welcome.
It was easy for them.
Do you think Joe and Valentina are still home?
We need to settle our accounts.
James says he isn't interested in sports.
She invited me to join her.
I could've shown you how to do that.
Although you rushed, you're not ready.
You're not telling me the truth.
Harry is all by himself, isn't he?
William told me someone was trying to kill him.
Jami has be doing that for a few years.
I think Tommy and Monica would be happier if they did that.
Jack is desperate to do that, isn't he?
He somehow managed to swim across the river.
As we have opportunity, let us do good.
It's healthy to be crazy.
The movie has already started.
Jami is somebody you can rely on.
The new bridge will have been completed by March.
She wants to become thin very much.
I should've known Jacob and Emma wouldn't do what we asked them to do.
Say which one you would like.
Muhammad will keep coming.
He said he was dog-tired.
Muhammad is quick-witted.
Her hands are shaking.
Jack retired at the age of 67.
Jami is used to this kind of situation.
Alice looks like she's about to faint.
Let's do better than that.
The police believe Tommy was involved in the murder.
I'd really rather be alone right now.
I know Adam would be upset if I did that.
Harry has three grown sons.
Can they see the picture?
Jack knows he isn't likely to be fired.
What time is it by your watch?
I am not saying it for my own sake.
She seemed a little hard on herself.
Here's the bus.
It's sad.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with.
The scene lying before us was very beautiful.
Charlie may have already done that.
There's no bad weather, there's bad clothing.
I ran into a friend of mine on the bus.
I went to the library to read books.
I wasn't able to stay up all night.
Can I use the bathroom?
Jacob and Valentina said that they don't plan on going.
Luck plays an important role in our life.
You won't be able to recognize yourself.
"Are you still dating Jack?" "No, we broke up at the beginning of last month."
You must keep the promises you make.
He is said to know a lot about Spain.
No one would loan me money.
Charlie had a good dinner.
Isn't life just great?
I still can't reach them.
Margaret promised me she'd clean her room.
George said you'd do that for him.
Will a new technology be of any great use to mankind?
"No one will ever believe that." "Well, Harry believed me."
An expert was called for advice.
I entered my daughter in a girl's school.
I think I'll have to attend that meeting.
Jami has been taken back to jail.
Without your help, I would've been unable to do it.
I will have been studying for five years next February.
I know that Muhammad can't do that today.
Tommy told Olivia how old he was.
I'll have to send my camera out for repair.
I'll examine it for myself.
Oliver and Carmen still do that whenever they can.
I come from Australia.
Oliver is likely to wait for us.
Emma was dismissed from her job.
I've been asked to do something that I don't want to do.
She told me that she was wealthy.
I'm still not sure who they are.
You didn't really mean that, did you?
The police recovered the stolen jewelry.
I suspect Adam will probably want to do that.
I haven't been sleeping very much lately.
I feel that it is better to stay single than to get married.
Charlie said he'll be in Boston next week.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
They removed their socks.
We're talking about you.
Let's go tell Oliver the good news.
I don't have any cigarettes. Give me just one cigarette!
This is a picture of her own painting.
What've you been doing to them?
Alice forgot to tell William what time she'd be there.
Did Tommy and Catherine do that themselves?
I can do that for her.
She looked like she was afraid.
It was surprising that Muhammad didn't get hurt.
I don't think that Oscar was nervous.
Give it to me!
We went to Australia by plane.
The two cars tried to make way for each other.
Jack is convinced that's a good idea.
I was very fortunate to have a chance to do that.
James doesn't think Margaret would be afraid to do that.
They tied my hands to the chair.
The sun was hidden by the mountain.
She studies English.
We don't want anybody to find out.
I asked who wouldn't come tomorrow.
Jacob told me he wouldn't eat until 2:30.
You matter because you are you, and you matter until the last moment of your life.
He knows what he needs to do.
Joe is older than us.
When was the last time you made up?
Bold as brass.
He's not a very nice guy.
Oliver didn't say who he'd gone with.
He makes sense.
I swear to God.
He has quite a few friends.
Tommy and Mary argue a lot, but they still get along quite well together.
I'd like to be in a band.
We look for good luck, bad luck looks for us.
George had that job for years.
Oliver and Catherine said that they weren't at home on Monday.
Sir, we will have something special for you.
I prefer department stores: the prices are lower.
It'll be difficult to find a job now.
Adam and Monica haven't paid their taxes.
People really are stupid sometimes.
I'm going to try to quit smoking.
You really should tell Harry that.
They bought everything they wanted.
I told Jacob he should rest.
Good day. Would you please bring me a mug of coffee?
Oscar said he was glad that he did that.
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.
Do you think that I should go talk to Oscar?
Charlie has a lot to be grateful for.
I'm pretty sure Jami is sincere.
Adam has lived in Australia for many years.
Charlie heard Emma's cries for help.
Everything is bigger in Texas.
May I go over to Oscar's house to play?
I'll try to speak to you as soon as Jami has left.
George was the last kid to go home.
They're a complete joke.
I have a huge crush on Alex.
I think it's time to make some changes.
We have so much to learn.
He said he didn't have a dog.
Someone was here.
I fell asleep before the end of the movie.
He was unlucky, wasn't he?
Muhammad is fairly sure he can win.
Harry is likely to still be shy.
There were flowers everywhere.
It's a very serious matter.
She writes a very good hand.
Can I pick the desk by the window?
Have you even heard a word I've said?
How could Oscar do this to us?
We may all have to leave.
Joe ended the relationship.
Oscar said that he thought that he could take care of himself.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
Let's go now.
Jami and Anna might've eaten on their way home.
He said to me, "Children are like small animals."
He doesn't seem to get on in the world.
Do you really think William was embarrassed?
You can do what you like.
Do you still think that there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
I returned home after an absence of two years.
After he heard the news, William was in seventh heaven.
You look younger than her.
Muhammad and Catherine admitted that they'd been foolish.
My brother insisted on going alone.
Do you think Jami should do that alone?
We text each other all the time.
Emma says she knows George will want to do that.
I know that Oliver is a bright kid.
It was a dangerous trip.
Once in a while, he leaves his umbrella on the train.
My home lies far across the sea.
Muhammad and Julia let me drive their car.
I'll be on the next flight back to Boston.
It's famous.
Nobody is in the living room, but the TV is on.
This is getting really creepy.
We should leave her alone.
John said that he had met this man at the conference.
My door is always open for you, James. Come to me if you have any problems.
I'll visit my uncle next week.
I met him here.
Jack and Susie don't plan to be there.
I think that we made the right decision.
Oscar said he was sleepy.
I'm interested in French.
You look bad.
Adam is afraid to go outside.
You're going to love Oliver.
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
There's something I want to ask you.
I know a lot about you.
Charlie doesn't know I don't know how to do that.
Adam is lying on the sofa watching TV.
Please, go ahead.
I don't want you touching my stuff.
George and Margaret were doing what they loved.
Today we will be spoiled by spring sunshine.
I'll give you a day to think about it.
Oh my gosh. I will be late for lessons.
I told them to send me another ticket.
Everyone loves fresh bread.
Muhammad didn't seem to be convinced that Eva had to do that.
I don't care what your mother said.
May I use the phone?
There was nothing else I needed to do.
I want to know more about them.
Everybody seems to be having fun.
We're being very careful not to do that.
George said he didn't expect Olivia to do that.
The man is in the kitchen.
I slept on the boat.
You'd better not argue with Alex.
Does that seem fair to you?
Did you write to your wife when you were in the army?
Let's not talk about my problems.
Count from one to a hundred.
Why don't you go to school?
I wasn't allowed to eat.
I came to talk to you.
This pair of shoes cost me $30.
No complaints have been reported.
Adam won't likely tell Alice he's tired.
I wasn't born in Boston.
You might not like doing that.
Have you ever dealt with this kind of a problem before?
I'm the one who rescued them.
I know James is a better driver than I am.
Is this positive news?
Why were you in Boston last week?
Jami is going to the dentist on Monday.
I thought that Jack would be last.
This is where the magic happens.
Cookie is younger than Kate by ten years.
They say they like it.
You'll die if you don't tell the truth.
Harry and Julia missed their bus.
Can I tell Joe?
We were unable to follow his logic.
You knew I had to do that, didn't you?
I had to leave Boston.
She's here to protect you.
I cannot help laughing to hear such a story.
You're the only one who isn't able to do that, aren't you?
I have enough; I don't want more.
What's that got to do with him?
I thought that you could do it for me.
We're just average folks.
It's familiar to me.
The young woman sat on the couch.
I'm afraid that wasn't possible.
I didn't know that Oliver had done that.
Let them stay.
She'd lend you money if she had any.
Anna probably has an extra pencil she could lend you.
He's always so busy.
"I've found a way to make him really jealous." "Oh, do tell!"
Tommy and I aren't in danger, are we?
She sells food.
Do you think Jack would like to go camping with us next weekend?
I'll have to go myself.
He has just arrived here.
Tell Adam I know why he did that.
I work hard in the garden.
They'd do whatever you ask them to do.
I thought that you were going to offer me the job.
I made Jami stay.
I assure you Adam is quite well.
Jami isn't the enemy.
I decided to take matters in my own hands.
Oliver will probably find some way to do that.
I have noticed that the bus drivers can't brake.
Oscar is the only person I can trust to do that.
Where did he eat last night?
I think Oscar is already able to do that.
Joe was about to burst into tears.
William will try to be there on time.
Who sells this?
Muhammad needs to be told that he doesn't need to do that.
It was to say that going to the station was too much of a bother after all so I should come to the hotel she's staying at. Good grief, what a selfish woman!
Alex has stopped coming to church.
"How much does an elephant eat each day?" "I think I read somewhere that an elephant can eat about 150 pounds of plants on a daily basis."
Sooner or later, someone's going to have to tell Valentina that she needs to behave herself.
Will I be able to keep my job?
I wanted some wine, but there was none left.
Her hair was so long that it reached the floor.
If for some reason that happened, what would you do?
If you care to, come with us.
Tell us what happened.
Muhammad doesn't remember if he locked the door.
I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
The hunter shot and killed the fox.
It appears that her injury was pretty bad.
He is still alive.
Ask him to speak louder. He can't be understood.
Please help me!
They found their keys under the sofa.
Julia said she didn't feel like a hero.
I agree to your plan.
They couldn't keep from crying.
Jacob and Emma are in their rooms sleeping.
I was getting suspicious.
You said it was beef. However, I think it's pork.
Let me show you the pictures I took in Boston.
William and Monica said that they were worn out.
You know that you can tell me anything, right?
Carmen said she heard someone yelling.
What a pleasant day!
I'm going to tell Adam the truth.
Alice told me she's upset.
In the summer I go to the sea and in winter I go to the mountain.
What if nothing happens?
He put her savings to good use.
William is going to study French with Valentina.
Jim can fly upside down.
I parked my car near the main entrance.
The authorities started going into the case.
I can't remember where you were born.
I tried to volunteer to do that, but they didn't want my help.
I'm sure Oscar wouldn't double-cross me.
He took a beautiful shot at a deer.
It's high time to get going!
You're a creep.
Don't leave me here alone.
Did Muhammad change his story?
I'm broke and tired.
I know what I'm getting into.
Didn't you know that very few people actually do that anymore?
Do not make fun of me.
I'll die if I don't take this medicine every day.
You must take good care of yourself.
Adam is one of the most decent men I know.
Lucy said she would do it again.
You girls look amazing!
Oliver is likely to be alone.
Are they all like this?
Could you give this to Jami?
It's warm today.
I'll not be at home next Sunday.
James said he has something he wanted to do this afternoon.
The axe is very important in American culture.
I know that Jami knows he shouldn't be doing that.
George offered to help Valentina.
Joe said that Monica was likely to be right.
How much support do you need?
Who's that guy?
George should have been found guilty.
I can take you home.
I'm living in Boston at the moment.
He laughed in spite of himself.
Tommy and Susie said they were trying to figure something out.
I knew that Jami would be back.
James came right away.
I need to get out of here.
I have a lot of experience in computers.
Tommy hoped he might hear from Margaret.
Tell William and Susie I'd like to talk to them.
Jami almost won the race.
I used to go to Boston when I was a kid.
Oscar kind of looks like somebody I used to know.
Could you please tell Alice that I need to see her?
Muhammad seemed to know just about everyone.
Jami needs help nearly as badly as we do.
You are here now in a doctor's surgery.
I know Joe knew I didn't do that.
We will call you when your order arrives.
William's eyes were full of tears.
She usually talks about her late husband.
Jack ran outside to see what was happening.
It's not going to be a disaster.
I'll go and prepare something.
I feel pretty good about it.
George played a sad song on the piano.
Tears began to spill down his cheeks.
I'll go to the hospital today.
Jack and Emma did what you told them to do.
He does exactly what I tell him.
The dog looks at the cat.
That's the reason Charlie and I were late today.
He has green eyes.
What did that prove?
He is on this ship.
Let's keep this private.
Let's see if Alex and Catherine are at home.
She knows what she should do.
It was all good.
So many places, I haven't been to.
I've decided not to live in Australia any longer.
Can't you turn that thing off?
James doesn't even read the newspaper.
It's sad to see Jacob so unhappy.
Oliver didn't believe his eyes.
She always keeps a stick in her hand.
I've known Oscar ever since I was a kid.
Why does Oscar want to leave Australia?
If you get sleepy, let me know.
I was just taking a shower.
Don't let anyone into the room.
Jami isn't happy you're late again.
Margaret decided she wouldn't worry about that.
Carmen said she felt alone.
How long have you known Jack?
I didn't see him again.
My son is a journalist.
You shot her.
Muhammad and Alice looked like they were in a hurry.
Jacob says that there's no chance Alice will be fired.
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.
This was hardly a shock.
I know that Jami can do that without Olivia's help.
I'm not sure that that's what Tommy wants to do.
Adam told Monica that she should quit pretending to be helpless.
Oliver has some questions that he'd like to ask you.
I don't understand why Jacob had to do that.
This is a gold mine.
He is helping this lady enter her car.
You must think I came down in the last shower to expect me to believe that.
It doesn't look like it'll clear up today.
You're looking at that tree.
There's another alternative.
Being exhausted, she was soon fast asleep.
Neither Jacob nor Emma has found a job in Australia.
I'm working with him now.
Go on board.
When one does not like someone, one easily believes the bad things that are said about him.
I thought you said you were staying until 2:30.
Oliver is a famous artist.
Physics doesn't interest me at all.
They were told that they were too short.
I thought that you were raised in Australia.
It will have been raining for a week if it does not stop tomorrow.
You're a real witch.
Are you questioning my plan?
Muhammad said that he was glad that Margaret was able to do that.
He finally succeeded.
Let me have a look at that.
Jacob looked both ways before crossing the road.
They said that they didn't do that anymore.
George seems to be relaxed.
We went to the park to play.
I think Charlie was the one who did that.
I don't ever expect to be a bride myself.
This fact proves his innocence.
Harry is going to come to live with us.
Charlie bought us some drinks.
George wants to know if it hurts.
Neither William nor Valentina wants to eat Thai food for lunch.
Jacob seemed to understand why Mary wanted to be alone.
Could you please tell Olivia why you don't want her to do that?
Would Jack care if we did that?
That isn't much.
I'm not sure of anything.
Adam is not very likely to want to do that.
He says he doesn't feel well today.
Please find me my wallet.
Jami said he'd do that in a couple of days.
I am feeling better today.
I know that Charlie is going to let you do that with him.
I know Jacob knows Mary doesn't how to do that.
I'll show you the ropes.
They're not expensive.
Come on, you're wasting time.
Let's pretend it never happened.
Muhammad has just finished cleaning his room.
I'd rather stay home and sleep all day.
I wanted to get home before 2:30.
Do you really think Harry and Julia are poor?
It's very likely Alex will be there.
Oscar didn't know what time he was supposed to leave.
I don't doubt it in the least.
We could be happy here.
May I do that?
I don't know why we have to do that.
Was there an affair?
You don't seem to be as creative as Adam is.
I am an earthquake.
I cracked the code.
I'm going to keep working.
She began to wish she were dead.
I want us to be a family.
I had no idea Muhammad and Valentina were not happy.
They know we trust them.
Be careful not to do that again.
Charlie and I both did that.
William is still homeless, isn't he?
We won't stand a chance.
I know that Jack used to be a soldier.
You never told me what it was.
That's very natural-sounding Japanese.
What do you have in your right hand?
It's not always hot in Boston.
George said that he wouldn't say anything.
He is literally stupid.
This could come in handy.
I hope Alex does that on Monday.
Oscar knows he has to do that today.
They were so different.
Last night saw a fire in my neighborhood.
He's the one who touched me.
Tommy should've finished his homework by now.
New laws are needed.
The iron exploded.
Have you recovered from the shock?
Let's send Harry a Christmas card this year.
I'd advise waiting until at least Monday.
Thanks for the opportunity.
We don't care what James thinks.
I can't do what you're asking me to do.
Charlie is going to laugh when he sees this.
Muhammad doesn't think Alice will be cold.
What else would you like to see?
Would you mind looking after my kids?
Alex said he'd help Mary do that as well.
I always leave the window open while I sleep.
I had my photo taken on the shore of the lake.
If I'd had time to do that, I would've.
Are you trying to be funny again?
Is this the real truth?
Would you mind if I sleep here tonight?
I didn't know Jacob was your significant other.
They said that they've been offered $3,000.
Joe was at school when Carmen called him.
Italian men never help in the house.
Harry used to drink like a fish.
Oh please, believe me.
Volunteers are needed.
As I was speaking, Mother came up.
They put on their rubber gloves.
Oh well. That's no big deal.
Tommy didn't know just what to say.
Harry and Julia should've left when they had the chance.
Oscar cleaned the fish.
Let's not do this again.
They said they wanted us to visit them.
Charlie said he wouldn't be able to do that.
We need an air force.
You're not paid to ask questions.
Where did Jack get the idea?
It will do harm to us.
I think that Adam is still alive.
Alex thought that Eva didn't like him anymore.
She doesn't think it's her fault.
Charlie has a sharp mind.
I'll definitely try doing that today.
Jami and Valentina say they don't need to do that.
Adam said that's not what Julia wants.
I didn't know Jami and Margaret would be here, but I'm glad they are.
Everybody else is doing that.
We're certain.
It's rather cold.
You really hurt me.
Muhammad has already decided not to go Boston next summer.
I don't think Oscar wants to leave today.
The process was quick.
I told William that he shouldn't do that.
They said they would do that again.
Muhammad said that he thought Anna hated John.
You're full of shit.
I don't think Charlie and Lucy know that I hate them.
I will see them next week.
Didn't you know Lucy was Oscar's girlfriend?
Do you have any idea why Oscar and Laur are mad at me?
Why are you planning to move to Boston?
I like these chairs.
Jacob and Valentina didn't have enough money to buy what they needed to buy.
I figured that Harry was sleeping.
Jack tried to translate a book into French.
I have decided to go a little further.
They both got three weeks' detention.
Maybe Joe doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
We're so busy.
Oliver says he wants to help Valentina do that.
We've been expecting her.
Someone planted a bomb under your car.
It wasn't anything serious.
Jack put his hand on the small of her back.
What should we call the company?
James made everything.
My father hasn't gone abroad even once.
We'd better leave.
Tommy said he was ready to defend himself.
I'm very depressed.
Jacob's family is very traditional.
Charlie is desperate.
George and Julia are so boring.
How badly was Charlie hurt?
Adam and Susie don't talk to each other anymore.
I sure hope George can take care of himself.
That is an amazing photograph.
They did not work, either.
I want you to stay in Australia at least until Christmas.
The door wasn't closed.
That's the school I used to go to.
The dress Laur was wearing was white.
They wouldn't tell me the truth.
I thought you said you could finish writing the report by today.
My Chinese did not pass.
I know Muhammad isn't a taxi driver anymore.
I thought you said it was yours.
There's something that isn't right.
I know James and Eva went to Boston together.
I want to hear what Tommy thinks.
If you don't help me, I won't be able to do that.
I only live here because it's close to work.
Write to me as soon as you get there.
I made very short work of the big steak.
I love to eat french fries with fish.
They said they thought I looked sad.
Charlie won't be right.
Joe and Julia said they did that already.
He will run for mayor.
I'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter.
Jack and Mary aren't who you think they are.
I did my best.
William doesn't think Valentina can stop him from doing that.
We are having dinner.
Alex doesn't think Valentina will be able to do that by herself.
Tommy is a handsome guy.
Jack is getting ready for bed.
Harry gave me his address.
She might've done that by herself.
Where am I? What happened?
As a child, I liked baseball better than football.
Charlie said that last night's concert was three hours.
I'm not at all busy now.
I wonder whether Oscar knows Margaret was involved in a traffic accident.
Where's the pen?
They're painting the house themselves.
Did you buy anything for them?
Let them show you how it's done.
Would you tell me why you don't like James?
This stuff's awful.
May I go to the fountain?
Tommy came to save me.
Joe said that Valentina isn't jealous.
Both Joe and Valentina aren't hungry.
There's little hope Jacob will be here on time.
Jacob said that he didn't think that would happen.
I think Charlie didn't know Mary spoke French.
It'll probably be interesting for you to do that.
It's very old.
Jami and Susie both left the office early today.
I have paperwork to finish up.
What time did Adam say he wanted to leave?
I was hoping I'd meet you.
He said the United States would not interfere.
What have you been doing up till now?
She taught music for thirty years.
William and Margaret told me that they wanted a dog.
He isn't quite himself lately.
George always gets up at 6:30.
Why don't we go meet Charlie?
The bomb exploded, but no one was hurt.
Maybe that's not enough.
Miss Green asked two questions of me.
Do you have a husband?
He is poor, but honest.
Joe had a bad day at the office.
George said that Olivia was asleep by the time he got home.
It's getting late. I gotta go.
I thought I heard Joe was going to do that.
Joe says I'm the one with the problem.
I changed my hair, but he didn't like it.
Harry's mother would've been very proud of him.
These are for us.
He can do that himself.
Alice says she hopes Jami knows he has to do that.
Oscar doesn't like to get his picture taken.
Apparently, I was wrong.
Surely you told somebody.
Could you tell me what's bothering you?
Tommy told everyone that he was retired.
Healing the wounds of the heart takes time.
I'm sorry, but I have a prior engagement.
Alex needs some alone time.
Alex isn't very clever.
Charlie told me he thought that Laur would be the next one to do that.
I don't think that Adam knows where Emma usually goes swimming.
Charlie read the letter a third time.
George should tell Eva to take her umbrella with her.
Alex, Margaret, John and Alice are all college students.
Forget about the past. Compared to yesterday, I like today more. That's why I try to enjoy the moment, that's all.
Alex has been trying to get Catherine out of prison for years.
I've never actually met her.
Charlie counted the stars in the sky.
Electric cars don't function as well in cold weather.
I didn't think Harry was last.
I barely know anything about you.
I love American food.
You two seem to get along well.
He moved from place to place.
I'm from Tokyo, Japan.
Did you put anything in the tea?
Don't send an email when you're feeling upset or angry.
It is exactly three o'clock now.
He seemed OK when I saw him.
I'm in bad shape.
We'll soon know the truth.
Joe is rich and powerful.
What was he arrested for this time?
I am just a nobody.
James tried to appear calm.
You're too kind.
She has to take her medication.
Jami heard a gunshot.
Charlie hid behind a tree.
Do you want to have lunch with me?
Harry told Mary that he thought John wasn't sincere.
I thought that you said you could speak French.
Can we go home?
Muhammad asked John to check to see if Julia was OK.
I don't feel like talking to anyone.
It's that time of the year.
Jack has lied to you.
Harry loved you.
He got wonderful results.
Catherine said that she's tired.
They know they won't get in trouble.
I wish I were still single.
That's what concerns me.
What time's your class?
Tell them to stop staring at us.
I don't have any way of getting hold of Jami.
What I did obviously didn't help.
Ken will be fifteen next year.
Alex helped Anna carry her bags.
Adam and Laur said they wished they hadn't done that by themselves.
How well do you sing?
Where've you been keeping yourselves?
Something terrible must've happened.
If you aren't feeling well, maybe you should rest in bed a little longer.
The doctor called him back.
He had the nerve to ask me to marry him.
The coffee pot is full of coffee.
I think Oliver is different.
Jami says he doesn't believe Carmen really did that by herself.
Alice has a dirty mind.
Jack should never have said that.
Joe is on his way to Australia, isn't he?
Let's not do that right now.
Do you think Jack and Julia will go to the dance together?
What could I say?
Adam says that Australia is a great place to live.
I can't sing as well as Lucy did.
You're pretty rich, aren't you?
William apparently wants to win.
Tommy isn't the only guy I've kissed.
Is Mary Jami's wife?
They had funny looks on their faces.
He dressed up and went to the kitchen.
I think Charlie and Catherine are innocent.
I have no friend to talk with.
She says she isn't lazy.
Why does George feel so lonely?
Even though it was very cold, we went out.
James didn't know he needed to do that.
Did Charlie mention any problems?
He was looking at her.
Jack has decided he wants to learn French.
I go by that shop every morning on my way to school.
Jacob was upset with Lucy.
Eva admitted she wasn't the one who actually did that.
I don't think Tommy and Catherine are finished doing that yet.
Charlie has moved away.
I wonder if James really knows how to speak French.
Try to have an open mind.
Alex's hat is red.
Clearly!
To talk with a lot of people is good for health.
William grew a little embarrassed.
This picture reminds me of my childhood.
Charlie told me that he found an interesting book about Australia at the local library.
There were times when I wished I were somewhere else.
I agree with them that we should try again.
Did you clean your room today?
How would you go about doing that?
She told me she likes Chinese food.
It's not as easy as George and Monica think.
Adam was the one who did that job.
Oliver planted some flower seeds in his garden.
She always takes her time in choosing her dress.
I've read a lot of books on that subject.
How did you live with James?
She looked a bit embarrassed.
Why do you want to know what we are thinking about?
At any rate, I did my duty.
We can't fail again.
She was afraid the letter might fall into the wrong hands.
Everything's better.
Let me in. I have to talk to you.
It may seem strange.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
I live in a small apartment.
Muhammad is playing catch with his son.
Do you get your boss a Christmas gift?
I don't think anyone really thought Jack and Laur were busy.
You have to finish your homework right away.
I think that Joe wouldn't be here if he didn't think he could help us.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
Do Joe and Anna know we can't take care of ourselves?
I don't think that I can wait until Harry gets here.
There's no money in my wallet.
I'm really looking forward to getting to know you better.
I don't think I have to read the instructions.
I want to see my parents.
I will hit the sack.
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss him.
I'm the only one who's doing that.
The news was surprising.
He's on the honor roll.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so busy.
You should turn that off.
I was in Australia with them.
Tommy has a lot of friends in Boston.
He came to Rome to study Italian.
I decided to give Oscar another chance.
You're probably right.
When may I do that again?
A cat just came out of the basket.
Jacob said that he wanted to speak to the manager.
I see why you don't want to go there.
So much to do!
Why doesn't anybody believe us?
If they don't work, they don't get paid.
I wonder if Tommy really thinks I have to do that.
I know you helped us.
I was moved by this movie.
Jacob knew he should do that.
There were some flowers there.
I was in Australia most of last summer.
Adam said he thought Monica would probably be asleep by the time he got home.
Are you feeling confident?
I thought that James and Laur were twins.
Jack didn't have to explain it to me.
William moved closer to Monica.
William bought three tickets.
I can't find my bag.
George is broke.
Margaret thinks she's going to lose the race.
Did you like going to the library when you were a child?
She might've eaten on her way home.
I didn't wind the clock last night.
Don't you think this computer game may be a little too difficult for Adam?
Who is looking after the dog while you are away?
Adam will probably be up.
Charlie really has changed.
You're really good at that.
When I travel, I prefer to travel by air.
I'm incredibly tired.
Next week, we're going to buy a new car.
William came to Australia a lot last year.
Do Jacob and Valentina know that wish they'd leave?
William told me all about it.
We've got plenty.
Has anybody contacted Tommy?
I just have one problem left that I don't know how to solve.
I have to be there at 2:30.
When the thief heard the dog bark, he ran away.
He had no right to do what he did.
We tied him up so that he would not escape.
Does she sing?
Jacob always looks a bit tired.
Joe flew in from Australia this morning.
William and Monica claimed they waited until 2:30.
Jack obviously doesn't want it.
Maybe I should've done this sooner.
He often plays by himself.
I don't think anybody really thought Harry was happy.
Jack and Emma said they thought they heard voices in the next room.
Jacob doesn't want to become a voice actor.
Alex goes out drinking every weekend.
I tried to help Alex decide what to do.
Adam must've wanted to do that.
I love French films.
That couldn't be more wrong.
I haven't seen the film. Don't spoil it for me!
Monica's husband would probably leave her if he knew the truth.
He hasn't done his homework.
Joe said that Laur knew John might not want to do that with her.
Harry doesn't trust them.
I don't have as much money as James.
We make a really good team.
I'm e-mailing to follow up on our phone conversation this morning.
Monica wants you to help her wash windows.
Oscar has been studying French for the last three years.
George and Mary don't want to study French, but they have to.
You're expected to win.
Alice said she hopes George can win.
Let's get inside.
Jacob reached for his rifle.
Coffee will be served after the meal.
Tell me what your name is.
I know that Alex didn't know that you shouldn't have been doing that.
Alex said that he had to share a hotel room with a stranger.
She thought that John had loved her.
I thought that might happen.
Harry and I'll be in the lobby waiting for you.
Help me move the couch.
Never in my life have I thought of leaving the town.
I don't think Muhammad has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
He is the champion.
May I use your pen?
Should I help Charlie with his homework?
Tell me when to start.
Valentina says she doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
What's Harry listening to?
Do you have any more of these?
This box will serve as a chair.
I think both Oscar and Carmen want to come with us.
Would you please stop following me?
Jacob said that Alice isn't going to eat with us today.
He showed up at my front door.
You wanna throw down?
She said that she was very grateful.
Harry turned on the desk lamp and started working.
I'm OK.
I will call you without fail.
We'll have to be careful.
That's not so important.
We don't drink enough water.
George and Valentina didn't actually want to do that, did they?
Are you sure Jack and Anna aren't busy?
The restaurant is empty.
But he likes the long school holidays.
I helped Alex and Laur with their work.
I'll go and get you a doctor.
He said he'd like to go with us.
William refuses to take orders from Eva.
Can anyone read this message for me? I don't understand English.
Harry is helpless.
Did you notice that girl at all?
Jami isn't going to let Olivia go to the party.
Tommy didn't know that you wanted to go fishing with him.
He is in the kitchen.
Oliver has a longer beard than John does.
We're going to a new bar tonight. Do you want to come along?
I don't think that Jacob knows why Alice and John are arguing.
I feel lighter than air.
I forgot to do something that needed to be done.
She still has to pack her suitcase.
He doesn't know who he should ask.
We expect Harry to leave on Monday.
Give her a doll.
Figured it's the least I could do.
Adam said that Alice knew John might not want to do that by himself.
I think that William is good-looking.
We need experts.
Charlie has a lot of teaching experience.
I was surprised when Jack told me he wanted to do that.
William said he couldn't swim well.
Charlie and Valentina told me that they were headed home.
I know that Oliver is skinny.
I have a problem remembering people's names.
It will pay you to study hard.
Where are you all going so early in the morning?
You and Jack agree, don't you?
They told me that they could get us what we wanted.
Jack and Alice told me they can't speak French.
He looks like he's about to cry.
I'll be ready in just a minute.
Soft music often helps you fall sleep.
My dog is pretty smart.
I want to be alone!
It's a good thing you know how to speak French.
Oliver needed some time to think things over.
Here's a letter from him.
Muhammad said he wouldn't forget that night.
I'm going to be in Australia all summer.
Where is Rome?
Oliver and Olivia are doing everything they can.
He said to me, 'Let's play catch.'
They are leaving for London.
It can't take much longer.
I'm not her friend.
Monica said she would go to Boston.
That's fine by me.
I just can't get along with James.
Someone will have to tell George eventually.
I hope something bad doesn't happen to us.
We're going back to Australia this summer.
She regrets having been rude to you.
Both of my brothers are older than me.
George said that he didn't like Eva's dress.
I think that William would be willing to go with us.
I thought that Adam didn't like it.
I think Jack forgot to tell Monica what to do.
She looked like she was relieved.
Come and fight with us.
What else did he say?
Harry's body hasn't been found.
You'll read it another day.
Have you ever shot a rifle?
Harry told me that he's shy.
I didn't know Charlie knew why you didn't do that.
We've never seen things like this before, and so it's happening again!
These letters reveal her to be an honest lady.
I hardly know you.
Alice knows she has to be ready.
Did George and Emma say they thought they had to do that?
I wanted to ask Tommy to do that.
James paid off his credit card debt.
It is a sacred right.
Oscar is a chemical engineer.
They're not ashamed of what they did.
You were with me on that night.
Throw out your weapon.
I didn't know that's what we should have been doing.
I'm not very good at dealing with these kinds of situations.
The evidence doesn't support the claim.
James didn't think Margaret would permit him to do that.
It will cost how much it costs.
Hurry up, will you?
You're welcome.
It's hard doing that every day.
Tommy seemed to be worried about Anna.
Knowledge makes us free and better people.
What she bought there was a camera.
She lost her new watch.
Can you tell me if this is true?
Emma said she'll look after me.
You'll meet someone else.
They knew that they'd be punished.
How did you know that I was going to say that?
I suspected something like this might happen.
Charlie is expected to do that, isn't he?
I had a good time today.
Eva didn't do what Jacob asked her to do.
They walked side-by-side.
I wish there had been something like this when I was a kid.
James had to admit Julia was right.
They removed their gloves.
Get away from that door.
She said that the heat bothered her.
I'm very worried about James.
The desk Ken uses is old.
In total there are 9 people in my family.
It was very hard to swim across the river.
Where did you all go for New Year's Eve?
I have my reasons.
On the evening of our arrival we were sitting in the Colonel's gun-room after dinner.
We fell for each other immediately.
Charlie has decided he's had enough.
What time did William say he wanted to get there?
Be careful not to burn the roof of your mouth.
It's a big responsibility.
Alice told me I was like a son to her.
Jacob thinks that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
I hope you're careful.
James said that his bus was late.
Fill this out.
I go to the library at least once a week.
She tried to write a short story.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing.
I love cake.
I don't believe that your name is really Jack.
Oscar lied to me and so did Mary.
I'll give these books to anybody wants them.
Olivia said that she'd like to do that.
Tommy said that he won't help Lucy anymore.
You knew George should do that, didn't you?
Alex should tell Laur what he wants to do.
You like him and he likes you.
Oliver and Laur tried to tell John what they were planning to do.
I don't know who that is.
We've never lied to each other.
Jacob is in the prime of his life.
Alex had no idea that Julia couldn't speak French at all.
Jami may be able to answer the question.
I know that Muhammad doesn't know where we did that.
I have things to do.
I think Tommy and Julia have both already agreed to do that.
I'm sorry for lying about that.
We'll review everything.
I have wanted to be a painter for a long time.
Margaret isn't just my boss. She's my friend, too.
I found the work easy, for I had done that kind of work before.
Adam and Valentina told me they've decided to do that.
I thought that things were going OK.
How did work go?
I don't have a phone right now.
He established his son in trade.
I suggest you don't ask Adam so many questions next time.
Harry asked me who painted this picture.
James said that Emma was deaf.
Do you want to know what it means?
In cookies, he only eats the filling.
We've got to go and help her.
Harry was unbelievable.
You should let James know you can drive.
Most people would survive.
It feels safe here.
Jami says he wants to walk home.
It doesn't matter whether you come or not.
I can't imagine living like that.
I'm not having dinner with you.
I know why Jami and Eva weren't supposed to do that.
William wasn't polite.
Yell.
No one could guess why that thing had happened to him.
This is for everybody.
I got sucked into it.
Jack is in a very good mood.
He needs to lower his standards.
Even Joe and Olivia don't go to Boston anymore.
Harry hasn't yet promised me that he'd do that.
You liked that movie, didn't you?
My father, who is very busy, has no time to read books.
A careful observation will show you the difference.
I don't feel anything at all.
I just want to try it on.
Oscar always gets what he wants.
I had no idea James knew how to speak French.
Do you read lips?
Bill was in Japan.
The workers began a sit-down strike in front of the factory.
Together they had eight children.
Their claims were as follows.
I made very few mistakes.
We've got to get Jacob to a hospital.
What kind of work does Jami want to do?
Margaret shut off her computer.
I don't plan to do that when Alex and Monica are around.
Adam should've done that already.
Charlie is no longer a student.
Harry dropped out of college and became a millionaire.
If Alice had a lot of money, she'd do that.
Why didn't you ever tell me how you felt about me?
I'd like to see you.
I'll prove it to you.
I can't believe he did that!
We'll never get there in time.
But I want you to understand what I'm saying.
There was no one on the other end of the line.
That tree is red.
I met Tommy in October.
It took me several hours to finish it.
Margaret admitted she was nervous.
Adam was there, wasn't he?
Lock up your passport.
I went to the woman myself and told her about it, and she said that she also wanted to tell her daughter.
They may leave if they want to.
That doesn't really seem appropriate right now.
Joe must have thought Valentina already knew how to do that.
The street was crowded with cars.
My heart is at peace.
I should be with Joe.
They would have got a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
I still want to speak French.
Jami and Mary have both never done that.
I'm going to advise you to just listen now.
Jacob said that he doesn't think that Laur knows how to do that very well.
Could you show me how to start this machine?
He answered my questions by the exercise of his excellent memory.
I'm in charge of shopping.
I never had much money.
Nothing can happen to you.
I'm only pulling your leg.
How often do you ride a bicycle?
Is that what you'd like?
I should've waited until October to come back to Australia.
A sea of words, but only a drop of sense.
Oscar said that Julia didn't agree to do that.
I get that lot.
He's crazy.
I wanted to make a few phone calls.
I'm looking for ways to save on electricity.
Your meal is ready.
The girl I told you about is from Boston.
I looked everywhere.
Where did George get his money?
Why not just ask them to leave?
I don't blame Adam one bit.
It's warm.
There is no smoking here.
It's either us or them.
We know that a cat, whose eyes take in much more light than human eyes, can see clearly at night.
That looks really good.
They look like they're sick.
It's nice you found a girlfriend.
He said he wouldn't speak French.
Tommy said that he thought Lucy would be afraid.
Zip it.
We should keep ourselves clean.
Oscar became a father in October.
Joe almost never eats dessert.
So what's it like?
Don't say anything without thinking.
I knew Jack was planning to do that today.
Joe didn't want to talk.
They're going to hang Muhammad.
Aren't you supposed to be on a diet?
Tommy gained nothing by doing that.
Does Jami still have that red sports car he used to drive?
We could do a lot if we stood together.
That's not a shame.
Don't believe her, Olivia.
Oscar had a date with Carmen last Monday evening.
I don't necessarily have to go.
Oscar was the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Boston.
Oscar wrote Eva a love letter.
You smell incredible.
Who's coming for supper?
There was much activity around the plane.
What were you telling them?
I wish I could study French.
Let me check your blood pressure.
You're hard to please.
Not driving himself, he isn't familiar with cars.
Oliver looked like he was certain.
She pressed her nose against the sheet of glass.
We have lots of other things to drink.
Fear not because there is nothing to fear.
James and Valentina locked themselves in their room.
Where's this club?
Thank you for dealing with this problem on time.
The story of the lost prince was a fiction.
It doesn't end well.
He may do that himself.
You're wet through.
Alex will definitely come.
I really didn't want to play tag with Harry and his friends.
We're dealing with that problem.
Let's hope we find something.
Oscar must have found out about the party from Emma.
Oscar got wet to the skin.
I didn't read the book my teacher told me to read.
I almost forgot to do my homework.
Wipe your mouths.
I wonder if we're safe.
Jack is going to apologize.
I'm faster.
Just tell me what you'd like me to do.
Do you have any objection to this plan?
Does James know about Margaret?
I know you can help us.
The US used to murder a lot of people because of their color; now we just murder a lot. Shit, we went the wrong way.
I had to walk here because my car broke down.
Alex is waiting for some of his friends to join him.
Charlie isn't wrong about that, but he's wrong about everything else.
You probably think I'm crazy.
I thought you wanted to watch that movie.
Emma told me that she thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Oh, Jacob, it's just wonderful!
My room has only one window.
I thought you said that you didn't like to do that.
Who wants to take Oscar home?
Mary said she won't forget that night.
I think something's wrong.
Oliver said that Margaret should never have done that.
Do you know how long it takes to fly from Boston to Chicago?
They lay down.
I've already done what needs to be done.
This is me, I'm eating a banana.
Sorry, something went wrong.
I know I shouldn't have told Catherine she had to do that.
Alex and Monica ate dinner by themselves.
Oscar and Mary said they didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
I usually shower at night.
What did the announcement just say?
Muhammad has money.
Monica must've traveled a lot when she was younger.
The soldier was killed in action.
How often does Muhammad take French lessons?
The weather being fine, we went on a picnic.
Charlie doesn't think he really needs to do that.
Olivia said she'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Alex shouldn't tell Susie what he did.
I thought that it worked nicely.
What food are you best at cooking?
George and Emma are good at their jobs.
I think it might be foolish to do that.
James was in court on Monday.
They're going to Boston.
We don't need any more time.
Carmen said she didn't want to hang out with Oscar anymore.
George wasn't here either.
The shop where I bought the ring is closed today.
She thought that she saw a pattern.
There were no problems to report.
I should have warned you earlier.
This is the best money can buy.
Did Alex tell you we were coming?
Of course, I told them.
There's nothing over there.
When I got home, James was asleep on the front porch.
I suspect Tommy is lying.
I didn't think anybody suspected you weren't Jacob.
Try and calm down.
I just don't want to do it again.
He killed the mood last time with his jokes.
It's very complicated.
Joe looks like his grandfather.
How do you think Tommy and Laur were able to win?
Harry didn't know what he had to do.
Why would you want to hurt her?
Don't turn your back on her.
You've been keeping something from me.
Jacob's home and office were searched by the police.
Alex was doing that yesterday.
Harry kept his word.
Berlin is the largest city in Germany.
Harry seems to be reliable.
I have a good appetite this morning.
I'll see you in a few days.
I can't believe that Oscar said that.
She sells vegetables.
I want this photograph developed as soon as possible.
I wonder if Jami will insist we do that.
India has a different climate from England.
You are not dumb.
Do you know whose this is?
All the old magazines have been sold.
What's up with her?
James began to say something.
Do you think she still loves my letters?
I told George that I'd be late.
I don't let people I don't know into my house.
She likes to smoke tobacco.
Oscar sells cars in Boston.
I think we made a sale.
They're different.
Jack said that he's always been interested in sports.
You had a stroke, didn't you?
Let's rent a bike there.
I've been calling Adam and Anna all morning, but I can't get a hold of them.
Did you remember to tell Tommy and Eva what I asked you to tell them?
Tips aren't included.
William didn't want to buy Olivia a present.
George is concerned about it, too.
He is the greatest singer that ever lived.
It was not clear what she really meant.
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.
I just couldn't sleep.
Jack is going to be back on October 20th.
I don't work in Australia.
My heart sings to see you.
Tommy left for Boston.
He's just a know-all.
Wait till I tell Harry before you tell Julia.
Tommy is at home with the flu.
It looks like Jami is afraid.
Adam buried himself under his blanket.
Harry is working at his desk.
The exam results were not what she expected.
We were on the same bus.
I told Charlie to speak French.
Valentina put a towel on Jami's forehead.
Alex said that he wasn't interested in doing that.
I'll make you an offer you can't refuse.
As you already know.
Harry wrapped both his arms around her shoulders.
I'm older than you may think.
Which one of these boys will you give the book to?
Oliver and I live across the street from each other.
I don't have an opportunity to get a new car.
It'll be a busy day.
Some people come into your life as blessings, others, as lessons.
Of course I will be a good student.
Let's pretend we didn't hear that.
Just check it.
William says he didn't know Anna wanted to eat pizza.
Adam said he wasn't exactly sure what to do.
He sounds disappointed.
Oscar is not allowed in the lab.
I've always been delighted with the chinese culture.
I don't think that James knows exactly what needs to be done.
Which one was it?
Because of the thick fog, we could not see the signs clearly.
My cousin took me by surprise by coming without previous notice.
She said that she found her keys.
Which ice cream shop are you going to?
How many sandwiches did Charlie and Eva make?
What's with the outfit?
I didn't know Adam would ask Anna to help him.
I'm winning.
James tried to catch the rabbit.
I'll have to check with her.
I study medicine.
I'm not going to your house.
He will be able to hand in his report tomorrow.
One of the things Jacob and Alice enjoy doing is swimming.
Muhammad wondered who Laur had invited to her party.
I'd rather live in a wooden house.
Charlie has been drinking, but he isn't drunk.
We don't belong here.
Alex really loves going to work.
I couldn't let her go.
Hold your tongue!
I take a lot of pictures.
I wonder why Adam left.
You and I need to talk about this.
I'm pretty sure that Muhammad is on campus.
Your skirt is way too short.
It looks like rain. We should close the windows.
Alex didn't tell us what time he planned to get there.
He is not at all a gentleman.
James is probably stuck in traffic.
Adam took an interest in Julia.
Jami, Julia, John and Alice all did that.
He said he hopes you'll help him.
Lucy says she plans to win.
Mary really looks pretty.
Harry could've called the police.
I'm certain Oliver will want to speak with you.
I'm afraid that's no longer possible.
I suspected Harry was unhappy.
Harry's song was a huge success.
Whether it will rain or not, the game is going to be held.
Joe is turning thirty.
I don't think that Tommy knows where the post office is.
I actually did that by myself.
The rock flew through the open window.
We are faced with a host of problems.
I knew that Oscar was a ballet dancer.
Adam told Susie he was sorry.
Where is my watch?
Keep off my property.
Jami and Emma say they'll hurt me.
He didn't say anything about himself.
I always go home for lunch.
Our school administration decided to do away with that school rule.
I'm at ease in English.
I would take French, for choice.
I thought that you said you've only tried doing that once.
Did you tell Harry what you were hired to do?
Did you see anybody there?
William invited Laur to stay for dinner.
This is Jack's wife.
No one was alive.
I had my shoes cleaned.
I don't think Emma would be here if she didn't need to be.
Don't trust anybody.
Neither Joe nor Catherine can cook very well.
I definitely needed a plan.
Where did you park the car?
The flowers give off a very pleasant perfume.
That is why he was late for school.
There's no explanation for what happened to Oliver.
Tommy and Lucy said that they're through doing that.
Alex said that he would leave at 2:30.
Tommy has been arrested again.
Jami didn't have any choice.
She has sail-like ears.
You should have been a farmer.
I don't know what to do about this difficult problem.
I think that was very special.
Kill all the survivors.
Adam is busy writing the report now.
He went to stay at his client's house.
They are all so much alike that I can't tell which is which.
Muhammad used to follow Margaret around like a puppy dog.
Jami doesn't want to be in Boston anymore.
They look older than they really are.
They said they'd buy what was needed.
I have three brothers who used to work in Boston.
Be more careful, or you will make mistakes.
Alex said I wasn't allowed to do that.
Now I'm going to tell you how it is.
Jack didn't want to tell anyone where he'd been.
I think Harry can speak French.
The girls came dancing arm in arm.
Oscar and Laur know John is smart.
Jacob hasn't fed the dog yet.
Why should I care about him?
Jami and I were both impressed.
One stayed and the other went away.
Jack called Catherine a liar.
Jami handed a set of keys to Olivia.
Charlie should have understood the rules.
Joe didn't know why Julia was mad.
I told you to leave him alone.
I don't associate with those people.
We're very happy together.
Adam said he's glad Anna didn't get hurt.
I know Alex and Carmen both have to leave soon.
I really want to be with Alex right now.
Charlie didn't do it every night.
William is the one who's supposed to be doing that.
Oscar said that he thought that Olivia would unlikely do that.
Tommy said that he didn't know what to do next.
You'll have to move.
Costs were through the roof.
William couldn't come because he was sick.
Tommy is quite generous.
He couldn't carry out his first plan.
Carmen doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
I think that car over there is Muhammad's.
Adam asked Alice to buy some eggs on her way home.
The tower stood among ruins.
We ate until we were satisfied.
Charlie lives on an island.
It is said that Tokyo is a very safe city.
I wanted to lie, but I didn't.
We'll go talk to Adam.
The photo brought back many happy memories of my childhood.
The train will pick up speed in a minute.
I say what other people won't.
Jack's desk is perfectly clean.
He killed that man.
Oscar doesn't know how to speak to children.
And you know what ? We're done !
James said that he was waiting for something to happen.
Oliver should have never said that.
William and Valentina are getting ready to go.
How's the weather today?
We met last year in Boston.
I looked him straight in the eye.
Joe, we've never been too close, have we?
I can't do this by myself.
I'd like to volunteer to go with Muhammad.
I know James knew that Eva had never done that before.
You are much too modest.
I was afraid I might be too tired to help.
Good morning, how are you doing?
George said Mary may do that.
I'll stay and watch them.
Charlie died in 2013 of liver failure.
Come back in two days.
Bob, help me carry his suitcase to the living room.
Adam didn't like our decision.
The soup I had was so hot I couldn't drink it.
Hey! I'm about to get angry!
Do you have a tattoo?
He said, "Leave me alone."
Do you know the name of this flower?
I know that I'm a bad dancer.
Who smashed the window? Tell me the truth.
Charlie and Margaret say they don't think John really knows how to do that.
Alex told me about it himself.
I'd like to know what's going to happen here this afternoon.
They admitted they were hungry.
That was Tommy's fault.
Bing-bong ... bing-bong ... "Oh-oh. The class bell!"
We're stubborn.
Good morning, Mike.
What if someone sees us?
They never told me they were engaged.
What do you wanna eat?
They said that they thought you'd win.
I managed not to come even one night.
I think he must go there.
Jack and Susie wished they'd never asked John to do that.
When did you work in Boston?
It has to be done.
He will go swimming, whether you go with him or stay at home.
He is no longer here.
We're just talking.
Tommy said that he'd consider doing that.
Oscar looked at me as if I were out of my mind.
Would you just shut up?
She explained her problem.
Those brothers are both over 6 feet in height. That's indeed tall.
Everyone but Oliver seemed to enjoy the party.
I'm a fan like everybody else.
Joe is sound asleep in bed.
The reason Harry came was because Carmen asked him to.
Adam and Mary said that they didn't smoke.
We need more options.
I can't help being worried.
Why don't you use your language?
I'd like to come to see the doctor as soon as possible.
That's why we're sitting here.
You're not the only one who knows what's going on.
Do you trust anyone?
Muhammad was the first one to get here.
Doing that is a lot easier than it looks.
Do you really have to tell them?
The plan was a good one apart from its cost.
Did you say anything to them?
Please fold your clothes.
He is sure of winning.
I will call you in an hour.
I wonder whether William and Emma are sleeping.
William asked Margaret if she was nervous.
Susie is a very hard worker, isn't she?
I don't like talking to strangers.
Instead of going to Boston next summer, let's go to Chicago.
We really hope that you can come.
I'll bet that I can beat you to the tree.
Somebody has to hurry and quickly drive her to the hospital.
You know that that isn't likely to happen, don't you?
James was worried, but Margaret wasn't.
Adam and I weren't invited.
I'd like to get information regarding a number of questions.
They were supposed to have gotten married in May, but they didn't.
I never really trusted them.
Why didn't you come to yesterday's party?
Do you think that I'm funny?
She's a clever girl.
You're very early.
Jacob cried himself to sleep every night last week.
Alex was lucky to have had help doing that.
We have to go on.
It was hard for me to do that by myself.
What do you think of the new movie?
You aren't in trouble, are you?
I hear that Jack isn't in Australia now.
Mary kept her eyes shut.
Alex is wearing a cast on his arm.
I know I'll be able to do that by 2:30.
I suspect that Oscar will come to Boston.
I would never do it that way.
We have lots of bread, and as for butter, we have more than enough.
Deal me out.
Because she felt sick.
Is she here yet?
They might take the car.
I was convinced that I was right.
Why didn't you tell me the truth?
He likes to live in Tokyo.
Your elder brother is doing his homework, you can only play!
She returned to her hotel room.
Like will to like.
I never saw the like of it before.
The same thing is happening here in Boston.
I heard that Jack and Olivia are going to do that.
Was my letter sent?
Muhammad didn't believe what Valentina told him.
She says she can't sing.
Today I want to eat something light.
You must not get drowned in your sake.
It wasn't me. It was the cat.
Everyone in the class is here today.
I do remember it.
The rules require us all to be present.
I wonder what they're laughing about.
You refused to answer my questions.
Some things in life are beyond our ability to control.
We can still learn a lot from Harry.
He said that he feels fine.
Should he see you, he would be surprised.
It's obvious that Muhammad doesn't want to talk about it.
We just weren't meant to be together.
Oliver doesn't know where he is.
He isn't sure how he got here.
He insulted me without reason.
Alex is at home with Mary.
I should do what Jack and Olivia are doing.
Adam tried to do it by himself.
Emma is quite young, isn't she?
I know George knows that he'll never be able to do that.
Jami isn't very organized.
Let's hope Tommy doesn't write a book.
There's a pool table in Jami's basement.
Tell your mother-in-law not to phone me here any more.
I didn't practice the piano yesterday.
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?
I don't need that kind of help.
Is Jacob still doing his homework?
We are trying to keep the wolf from the door.
Jack and Laur assured me that they wouldn't do that again.
He said that the matter was urgent, and that there was not a moment to lose.
Even then we might not make it.
I've never hit anyone.
Why do we need to find her?
You're right, no doubt about it.
You can stay here if you like.
I wonder when we'll see each other again.
How do you know it'll be terrible?
Does loyalty even exist anymore?
George doesn't think Catherine is bored.
Tickets are available online.
I want to spend time with Oscar.
What's this zoo's name?
Oliver noticed that Anna was following him.
Margaret packed her suitcase.
We came on foot.
To wherever the wind may take us.
Charlie is a good choice.
He's a big boy.
Tommy is washing your car.
It should be no problem.
They took away my daughter.
If you are happy, I am happy.
Jack said that he'd never seen anything like that before.
Oliver is still not ready.
She backed up her data.
Tommy and Laur are likely to be very hungry when they get home.
I met her here.
I told him the bank was closed.
The meeting is to be held here tomorrow.
William said that he was in Boston now.
Susie knew she'd probably said too much.
I think of her day and night.
I stayed with Jami.
I think that Oliver is afraid of you.
Let's keep an eye on that.
That's a problem we have to solve as soon as possible.
How many people were aboard that ship?
It looks like things aren't working out between us, so I think that we need to take a break.
Eva said she didn't learn anything at school today.
Food, clothing and shelter are the basis of life.
You seemed surprised when Tommy told me you didn't have to do that.
Don't make sport of me.
I had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard.
Tommy is playing bass guitar.
William said that he was told to do that by himself.
Do that, OK?
George eats lunch near the office where he works.
The problem is that Valentina thinks she's better than George.
You didn't want Jack to die, did you?
Adam is waiting for his manager.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
I know that Adam won't likely do that today.
You never expected Harry to refuse to do that, did you?
Lucy is counting on us, isn't she?
Alex reported Catherine missing.
I realized that I didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem.
Oscar and Eva are happy.
You look as if you've lost your best friend.
We could've died.
Harry handled that well.
What do you suppose this is?
I don't accept your excuse.
I don't want what happened to me to happen to Adam.
Jack and Valentina said they wanted to help us do that.
Monica knows what she wants to say.
It looks like Harry is doing that.
I had intended to call on her last Sunday.
I just touched a snake.
I'm on vacation, too.
George said Emma may win.
Charlie seemed to take the matter seriously.
Our university has a good library.
Have you tried talking to her?
She's her sweater on inside out.
I read the note.
Harry and Alice said they could probably do that.
You're in the wrong century.
The wicked witch pushed her into the deep water.
I ate a hot dog for lunch.
Alex and Mary said they were trying to stay awake.
I wonder why I'm so tired.
The most comfortable time of every day is spent lying on the bed.
Would you mind telling me who you're waiting for?
To begin with, she is too young.
Who would do this?
All Jacob wants to do is swim.
If I were you, I'd think twice before going down that path.
Where's the proof William ever did that?
George and Laur said they didn't know anyone here.
Find Charles and kill him.
Muhammad took his son John to a baseball game.
Children don't keep still.
I really hope that happens.
Jami has been to Australia.
How many years have you been a student here?
I forgot all about them.
He often breaks his promises.
We got three times as many people as we expected.
Will you be eating here or is this to go?
I want you to tell me everything you know about what's happening.
Muhammad has two children.
Muhammad began to remove his gloves.
George found me a French teacher.
Jack needs to get ready for school.
His cottage is on the coast.
Where's your bedroom?
Do you know what's in the box?
There is a monster under my bed.
It's a few minutes before three o'clock.
Oliver doubts that he'll be able get there on time.
Jacob can tell you more about that than I can.
It sounds like George won't be here tomorrow.
"What are you hiding behind your back?" "Nothing."
I could be correct.
You're the only person I know here who can do that.
She is willing to do odd jobs.
The plane will take off in one hour.
He only had one thing in mind.
I'll let Jami go.
It was pouring rain all morning long.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
I owe my success to my friends.
I know I might not be allowed to do that.
When he was young, he was the talk of town.
Adam gave Carmen a huge kiss.
Do you want my email address?
I will tell you what I saw.
I really wish I knew what James plans to do.
I'll phone her tonight.
Monica told Oliver that she didn't think John was bored.
Tommy was the one that won.
It is very important for us to love a river.
I knew that Alex would be allowed to do what he wanted to do.
Alex will probably be afraid of Anna's dog.
Jami said he didn't know why Lucy didn't like John.
Let's allow Jami to do that.
The question is why not.
Did that surprise you?
They said that they're hungry.
Who else would want to do that?
I got tired very fast.
Jami was nice to everyone.
I want you to do that by yourselves.
Mary hoped Oliver could help her.
She found herself a mother at fifteen.
You ought to tell George to do that.
I'm going to check my calendar.
Charlie made me something to eat.
I don't leave money lying around.
Please make it happen.
I can not trust this man.
You are taught to never question your teachers.
I also went there.
I don't know if this is true.
Adam will be unable to do that in an hour.
Do you want to do something else?
I thought you said you were planning on doing that.
It must have happened that way.
You really should've told George and Julia that they didn't have to come.
Charlie kept looking at Anna.
She will love her husband for good.
Oscar isn't as old as he looks.
I'd rather not be busy.
Adam is on the swimming team.
The actor looked his part.
We cannot thank you too much for your help.
Charlie collapsed to the ground.
Let him take a look at it.
It seems as if you are the first one here.
We elected him captain of our team.
I'm still not very good at chess.
This is a bow for a strong person.
Catherine lost her hearing aid.
I won't eat anything.
Tell James he has to leave.
I wonder where Tommy and Emma usually go shopping.
Your muscles are very tense.
Now, the situation is better.
I hope that Joe and Olivia like the present I bought for them.
James said goodbye to Monica at the door.
I don't want anybody talking about me.
Put down your pencil.
Their goods are of the highest quality.
Charlie said that he was going to let us do that.
I need a new pen. I'll buy one.
You will soon come to like this town.
Yes, please.
We'll meet him tomorrow.
I don't need it now.
It's as if we had lost our identity.
Jack didn't want to talk about that.
I already knew that she had become engaged.
I often think about my deceased mother.
Joe said that he wanted to go to Australia.
Her bag was very heavy because it was full of thick books.
Did I catch you at a bad time?
He never told me why he was here.
There was a half-eaten pizza on the table.
We didn't break in.
She went on laughing and dancing with the thought of death all the time in her heart.
That's all George ever talks about.
It's not going to be a problem.
I want to know what it is first.
Alice told him.
I doubt that Alex has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
Charlie hasn't yet returned to Australia.
I have one brother and two sisters.
You are so cruel to make me decide whom to go there.
Would you like to go on a trip with me?
Aren't you excited?
I want to give you a hug.
Jami could tell by the look on Julia's face that she was very excited.
I'll wash the apple.
Out of the two, I choose the less expensive one.
Once you're in, you can't get out.
George says he's dying.
That hardly matters anymore.
James said that Carmen is very tired.
She misses her father.
Do what James and Emma tell you to do.
I got nervous when I saw a police car following me.
You have to reply to the letter.
She was not at all upset by the news.
I'm pretty sure that Adam is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
Muhammad probably doesn't have enough time to do that.
Joe is sick in bed, isn't he?
Do either of you know a guy named Muhammad Jackson?
He has a headache.
See you at the office.
Adam has a habit of losing his temper.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
I've said it before and I'm saying it again: don't touch my things!
William asked me to buy some rope.
Harry and Olivia returned to their hotel rooms.
His story sounds strange.
She told me that she had a knife.
I wish you'd do that for me.
What's so weird about this?
I know that Tommy might be able to do that.
Oliver will have a lot of help.
I'll hide and you find me. OK?
He decided to abandon law for art.
William appears to be strong and healthy.
I'm sure Adam doesn't want to be in Australia next Monday.
Julia realized she didn't have to do that anymore.
William and Valentina wanted to start their own business.
I worked hard to succeed.
It's bad for the heart.
Charlie reminded me to pay my bills.
Jack doesn't even want to do that anymore.
Oscar's dog ran away.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow night.
I never know what you boys are up to.
I'm sorry. I didn't realize it was that serious.
I don't know what we will do.
William said Margaret wanted him to do that for her.
I never had time to get scared.
I didn't have much money.
Go get yourself some sleep.
I think I'll give this car a go.
Dan knew what he was looking for.
Harry wasn't very impressed.
We're crazy about each other.
Jacob didn't want to call attention to himself.
He has never spoken with your supervisor since the day that he was hired.
The mayor provided me with an identity card.
Don't touch me.
The average American living space is twice as large as the living space in Japan.
You've definitely gotten better at French.
Do you really think I want to do what I do?
Harry and Catherine said that they're glad you won.
Without water, nothing could live on this earth.
You only believe in people who believe in themselves.
I heard someone call my name.
Jack and Catherine look as if they're drunk.
Jack said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to cheer Alice up.
When exactly do you have to do that?
I think we shouldn't help Harry.
He married a girl of his own choice.
They have their children with them.
I want to do some shopping around here.
We stayed home for Christmas, so as to avoid heavy traffic.
That's what matters.
I'll give you a check.
Harry and Olivia wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would they?
Tommy seemed surprised when Susie told him that she didn't want to do that.
I'm afraid we'll get nowhere doing it this way.
Adam didn't like that place.
Allow me to kiss you again.
No one believed you.
I didn't feel like buying a car.
Joe is a little weird, isn't he?
Eva cared for the sick and the poor.
Five hundred years ago it was a house.
Let's all think on this together and we might be able to come up with some good ideas. They say two heads are better than one.
Joe and Mary have told John not to park his car in front of their house.
He went to Paris at the end of May.
How do you know that that's where George is now?
I'd like to make a call to Japan.
There's been a lot of rain this year.
Harry locked his keys in the car.
I haven't known the fact up to now.
There's little hope that he'll succeed.
Shall I go for a walk?
I've already picked out the CD I'm going to buy next.
Olivia realized James wasn't talking to her.
I'm coming in July.
Paper is useful for writing.
You are going home.
I knew then and there that I could never get along with Charlie.
James and Valentina looked like they were depressed.
Would you rather I didn't help?
Alex still can't get Susie out of his head.
You really are strong.
I meant to ask you a question in the meeting but I missed out.
You should know!
Do you really want to know if Harry and Olivia like you?
I came to this restaurant for the fish.
Jami is going to put his dog to sleep.
Oscar probably thought that I liked Australia.
Let me make a trip over there.
Julia wondered what she could do.
He said he won't walk home today.
I knew that Charlie might need to do that this week.
He said he didn't want to die.
Catherine is really younger than she looks.
We managed to cook more than a thousand chickens in one day.
Nobody can live to be two hundred years old.
All you should do is follow his advice.
I know your numbers.
I had no idea what I should do.
Harry left something behind.
What's wrong with you, George?
Emma says she definitely won't do that today.
You have enough candy to last until next year.
We're sold out of jeans.
Tell me what to do.
I hope that I get the chance to go to Boston.
I'll show you my new car.
Why aren't Joe and Laur ever interested in anything I do?
He didn't even try.
The doctor came into the examination room and asked about her problem.
I think that Adam wasn't telling the truth.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that.
That sounds okay.
William seemed to be inspired.
It might not be a coincidence.
She told me all about her family.
The image of my mother is on my mind.
Being fat is a serious problem for me.
Jami speaks French, and so does Catherine.
He tried to open the box in vain.
They have to study hard for the math test.
Alex has been a basketball coach for a long time.
When did you start writing songs?
I recognize that person from somewhere.
I wonder why Tommy and Julia weren't here yesterday.
Maybe it wasn't him.
Alex said that he was looking for help.
Can you give us some tips on buying a car?
I want to go to town.
I think that I'm going to have to tell William everything.
It was very naughty of Jacob to do that.
Adam will come at 2:30.
She came here to ask us to help her.
We talked in low voices so we wouldn't wake the baby.
What's he up to?
I would have done that if I'd had the chance to.
Let's hope that Adam can handle that by himself.
People in general have faith in everything newspapers say.
Jack is a charming man.
What has he done to us?
My children like Jell-O.
William said that he thought it would be better if Julia didn't do that.
Do you think we convinced them?
I reckon we'll see him once more.
You should run for president.
Muhammad and Emma work in the same department.
Is there a place I can smoke?
Harry is a true champion.
I didn't know anything about that.
I'm not going to tell you how to live your life.
I sat by myself.
It's time I got revenge. Now I will kill you!
Jack and Susie never had a chance, did they?
I can't afford a new car this year.
Are you sure this is where we're supposed to turn?
That's not what I want to buy.
The possibility William might do that worried Susie.
We are looking forward to hearing from you soon.
The boss said it's urgent!
I thought that you might actually do that.
William seemed to be leaving.
Tommy said that he liked it a lot.
Oliver said that he spoke French.
The engine was running.
Oliver and Laur said they're looking forward to being retired.
I'm not as rich as you think.
I am through with his long speech.
You can tell us yourself.
Be sure to be in time.
May I speak with you in private?
Unfortunately, I didn't have time to study for the exam, so I failed it.
Walk around the park five times.
Jack knows this city very well.
I'll be with Adam and Laur.
They say that Joe came to Brazil.
Do Alex and Mary need a place to stay?
Joe and Monica swear they won't cry.
They must be waiting for you.
I doubt that Charlie is still home.
I believe that's too much.
They failed to keep their promise.
I may be living in Boston next year.
He looked like he was unhappy.
Oscar is likely to still be better at doing that than Anna is.
We have to work hard to fix this problem.
We should stick to our plan.
Don't you think you're being a little hard on Oscar?
Adam claimed that he acted alone.
His mother got up much earlier than usual and started cooking as early as 8am.
Why shouldn't truth be stranger than fiction? Fiction, after all, has to make sense.
Tommy has been Valentina's next-door neighbor for three years.
Harry wasn't very thirsty.
Adam is going to tell Emma he loves her.
We need to start planning.
Make this shine.
This will happen to you too.
Tommy had another suggestion.
George said that he didn't believe Emma really planned on doing that.
If the patient is unconscious, the family can make the decision.
George found it confusing at first.
I only hope we can get this done on time.
I think that you're just wasting time.
Alice has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw her.
He is five feet tall.
I used to speak French fairly well.
I helped the old lady cross the street.
Please do that today if you can.
Julia found Charlie where she expected him to be.
Do you love nature?
The cat likes mice; I don’t like them.
Can I come in?
Call Oscar and tell him about it.
Can you remember the first time that you ever used a computer?
George was a taxi driver for about three years.
Oliver works for a large firm.
Adam doesn't need that.
Jami and I both left the room at the same time.
Jack and Olivia told me they'd be here by 2:30.
We heard the door close.
Aren't you going to finish your dinner?
Knowledge is the supreme goal.
Don't ignore her feelings.
Muhammad and Anna had another boy.
I don't remember your password.
George will probably go to Boston by car.
I'm not a soldier anymore.
Muhammad will probably be present.
I thought you might be the only person who would listen to me.
Just tell me to leave and I'll leave.
How did it end?
I'd like to do that soon.
Let's spend some time together.
We're going home right now.
It was so sweet of you to buy this for me.
Maybe you and I can go there together.
This rule can't be applied to that case.
He's quite good at his job.
If you work too long without a rest, it begins to tell on you.
Maybe Jacob and Lucy are busy.
I've promised William I'd do that.
I didn't know that that would happen.
Promise me that you won't sell your guitar to anyone but me.
None of you have any clue what William's going through.
Can you not see that Eva is pregnant?
I don't ever want you to do that again.
That would change everything.
William said he'd never seen anything like that before.
We were starting to worry you wouldn't make it in time.
Has James been getting into trouble?
I'm sorry, but I am opposed to this project.
Come on, let's take shelter.
Please take me along with you.
Can you believe that?
Tommy filled the pot with water.
James and Catherine don't believe John could do that without some help.
I thought you said 2:30.
I didn't drink that milk.
Who should get one?
What did Catherine say she was going to do tomorrow?
I am like them.
Good health is the most valuable of all things.
May I eat this cake?
I thought he was there.
I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.
Muhammad said that he thought you wouldn't win.
Don't play with his feelings!
Jack said Carmen was likely to still be interested.
She has a broad view of things.
All you need to do is just sit there and listen.
I have nothing to give George.
The kids are playing outside.
This is your key.
I'd like to drink another cup of coffee.
I need to buy an airplane ticket for Moscow.
We'll deal with him later.
Open the door for love.
"I loved you, Lucy." "Then why did you betray me?"
Oscar wasn't surprised by what Olivia did.
A man walks into a bar...
Today is the first day of 2019.
How late does this building stay open?
I just don't want anyone to be mad at me.
This is the medicine I was telling you about.
Charlie was surprised that Emma could do that.
I found out about a back-door registration technique from his secretary.
The cat ran away.
Mary lost control of her car.
Jami didn't seem to be as angry as Emma seemed to be.
I was sore for three weeks.
The people whom I meet are kind.
Do you think Jami was alone?
Tommy should have been on that train.
Jacob was nice to all of Margaret's friends.
Her parents were out of town.
Carmen recognized Oscar as soon as she saw him.
This is such an easy problem as any student can solve.
Jacob and Susie just closed their eyes and tried to ignore what was going on.
She is going.
He came from far away.
Would you sing us a song in French?
They bought a new computer yesterday.
Do you think you could do that without our help?
What did you want to see Charlie about?
Three of these are George's.
I don't think that Alex is as creative as Alice is.
Adam said that he should've done that by himself.
George is already pretty good at French.
He will come provided that he is well enough.
This is a no smoking zone.
I could barely speak French three years ago.
Lucy made up her mind to leave early.
James said that he didn't have to do that.
I didn't want anyone to know where I was.
I've been having trouble breathing.
Oscar is the one who drew this picture.
We rolled up the rug.
I offered to lend money to her.
Who burned the cake?
What were you doing in Australia last week?
I had a good night's sleep.
This furniture was in my apartment when I moved in.
Jack has a bad relationship with his mother.
The film began at 2.
Why did it have to be them?
Tommy and Catherine could get hurt if they did that.
Jacob and Mary said they weren't at home last night.
You've been letting me win, haven't you?
George doesn't seem to want to answer this question.
I almost left my umbrella on the bus.
How much longer do you think this will take?
There's no running water here.
Sorry but I looking for my sister. Is she here? I haven't seen her for a couple hours since we arrived.
I don't like people like Harry.
Everybody knows for sure that it was he who did it.
Is there any of them left?
I don't even have time for reading.
The average life of a dog is ten years.
I don't want to drive in this snow.
You need to turn left at the second light.
I hope you don't tell Alex that.
Peace is what we wish you.
Jami said that he thought that there was a good chance that it would snow.
The English are a great nation.
I never bothered to do that.
Are you aware of the time, Love?
Tommy looked like he was ready.
The sun had already set when he got home.
I don't think that Jami knows exactly what he ought to do.
How can you be disappointed?
Muhammad and Carmen are crying.
I always read the sports page first.
We used to meet at that pleasant spot.
I don't even know them.
We just have to wait it out.
Muhammad said that Carmen didn't seem to be having much fun.
Joe has come home.
I can't go back to being just one of the guys.
Jacob didn't need that.
I sent you an e-mail.
I was surprised when William told me Catherine needed to do that.
I cannot get along with him.
Go inside that building. I will tell you what to do next.
Let's have dinner.
Muhammad and I are planning to get married.
Charlie looks somewhat angry.
I didn't think Muhammad was reasonable.
I don't swim, but I enjoy going to the beach.
I don't allow myself to have sweets.
I'm gonna miss him so much.
Is there anything I could help you with?
It will have been raining a week tomorrow.
He said some men had attacked him.
I guess Jacob just doesn't want to leave.
James doesn't actually live here.
Tommy never would've asked.
He makes his living by singing.
She told me she's safe.
His sister is a hard worker.
Muhammad will miss Catherine.
Better ask twice than lose your way once.
It's a good investment.
Alex seemed to like speaking French.
We couldn't help but think that he was dead.
I need to know who Jacob is.
I can't go yet.
Don't you dare cry!
Adam wasn't satisfied with the way I did that.
She's five years younger than he is.
Jacob is in debt.
I think Adam and Catherine don't live very near the school they go to.
Imagine how good you have it compared to other people.
He owns many valuable paintings.
The colony declared independence.
The news spread all over Japan.
Whenever he calls on me, he leaves something behind.
I could've left early.
I'm still not giving up.
I should tell Alex that he has to do that.
I was taking pictures.
Jack and Anna told me they weren't tired.
Charlie probably shouldn't have done that.
We still have one more problem to worry about.
I'm planning to read as many books as I can this year.
We're doing everything we can.
Just do the job.
I did some research.
I'm beginning to lose my patience.
William did that just a month ago.
Which gate is that?
I didn't know Jami was dating Emma.
Jack said I should go to Australia with you.
This rug is large enough to cover the whole floor.
Oliver doesn't want that.
Jami said that he wants to be a teacher.
You're so slow!
I don't think I know anybody in Boston.
They have their work.
He has absolutely no feel for it.
I'm sorry to be such a bother.
Waiter, may I have the bill please?
Harry pushed through the crowd.
Jami wants to become famous.
We have no extra money.
She knows that she messed up.
Alice may go home by herself.
I know it'll take a while.
Someone broke the lock and stole my bike.
I don't know everything there is to know about that.
I come to this city second time.
That's very, very sad.
They left their husbands.
What have you heard?
Oscar is going to show you the ropes.
I doubt if Jack would be willing to do that.
They said they felt threatened.
You need to do this.
Don't take it for granted that everybody has a car.
Oliver knew that Anna would be difficult to get along with.
I think that everyone has to make efforts to save nature.
He's not breathing!
Adam brought his son to work.
I'm going to have a date with my ex.
I find that he is intelligent because he is learning German.
Margaret said she did that the wrong way.
Olivia does not know what's waiting for her.
Jack said Alice was the only one who wanted to do that.
He's likely to be chosen.
I don't brush my teeth as many times a day as Oscar does.
Adam and Laur seem convinced that they have to do that.
He had a blue jacket on.
I have no reason to cook it.
Muhammad didn't expect Catherine to be there.
Are you sure we'll get there before the others?
It's not up to us.
Anna says she's already decided not to do that.
Jack wanted his land back.
He was always faithful to his wife.
I can't believe you told Harry.
Harry told us he could win.
You don't have to tell me that, fool.
I am ashamed of your conduct.
I want to leave here as much as you do.
I can help if you'd like.
It's going to be almost impossible to do that.
Tommy was sick in bed last Sunday.
I don't eat much fruit.
George blew out the candles on his birthday cake.
Tommy isn't so good at singing.
I spent a week in Florence last year. I'm sure you'll like it.
I have three sons. One is in New York, but the others are in London.
I thought that William had already finished his work.
What are you planning to do now?
I thought you had a meeting at 2:30.
How much more support do we need?
While in Europe, she visited Rome.
I wonder whether or not Jacob was at school today.
Jami said he'd never try to do that alone.
Everyone laughed except me.
How long has Oliver lived in Boston?
I'm really attached to my mother.
They want justice.
She looked like she was healthy.
The ground is very wet.
They were enjoying themselves.
I have never drawn anything in my life.
I can't really trust Jami.
He says he'd be happy to do that.
When will she get home?
You don't have to go in there.
How about some milk and cookies?
Muhammad has never been back there.
We had a rough voyage.
Don't get the wrong idea.
Slow down. You're driving too fast.
What exactly happened to you?
George is outside the door.
I know that he was busy.
She didn't laugh, did she?
Oscar has borrowed a lot of money from many people.
Be quiet and listen to me.
He got off his bicycle.
He is fast with his hand.
What Jacob told Margaret wasn't true.
Should we be worried?
Are we being charged with something?
They probably aren't in their offices.
I'm pretty sure Tommy and Carmen have never been to Boston.
I was surprised Oscar couldn't do that.
It was a nice surprise to return home and see a present sitting in the porch.
She was First Lady.
Jami told me that he wanted to teach French.
George said Monica will unlikely want to do that.
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday.
Charlie needs to know that somebody cares.
I wasn't having much fun.
Why didn't somebody help Jack?
Don't you laugh at me.
Harry has a beautiful house.
Charlie told me he thought Alice was home.
I lost interest in money a long time ago.
Save up so that you can go to college.
Let me know what you decide.
William said that he wished he hadn't told Laur about what he did.
Muhammad is sure Eva knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
That's what I really want... I think.
You don't look like you're interested.
Tommy felt light-headed.
Jami travels.
I won't breathe a word.
Adam won't be bothering you anymore.
We're still trying to figure out how Charlie escaped.
Jacob was the only singer at the event who wrote the songs that he sang.
Harry wasn't the one who told me that he ought to do that.
Who's your roommate?
Margaret said she really wanted to be here, but she had to stay in Boston.
He burned a hole in his coat.
Where are you getting the money from?
Come down here!
Just shut your mouth if you value your job.
You should ask Joe to do that for you.
Harry and Margaret said they wanted to make sure that doesn't happen again.
He broke his ankle.
George cut the rope.
Ah! What nice weather!
Let's schedule a time.
I've been trying to find a way to reach Harry, but I can't.
I want you to let him live.
I understand Muhammad and Laur were together last night.
Nobody wants to be around her.
Oscar insisted on paying for dinner.
Adam and Olivia did what they promised they'd do.
I don't drink wine.
I could easily have done that.
Jacob is good at swimming, isn't he?
I spent a year in Australia.
James wasn't the only student who failed the test.
They began using their power to become rich.
This looks great.
Jami and Anna want to travel together.
Have you ever heard anything like that?
She never wrote him back.
You're the one who said I should to that.
Women age faster than men.
Charlie got here at 2:30 this afternoon.
Are you going to let him insult you like that?
Jack needs a bath.
Alex had to pay for everything himself.
Do you happen to know his name?
Adam said he walked home.
Let's do business.
I was there when George died.
She didn't have anything in her bag.
Jami doesn't want Mary to do that anymore.
Jacob may have to help Eva.
Alex ignored my warning.
Why didn't you just tell me?
Today is not so cold.
You need to put your foot down.
Give it a moment.
Her boyfriend did it for her.
We don't have enough money.
Today I’m drinking hot chocolate.
I'm the only one who knows them.
George told me he hoped Valentina would be early.
You speak Japanese.
It's all said and down.
I know why Harry and Catherine are surprised.
Oscar thinks that Laur will be doing that very soon.
Muhammad said that he thought that I was funny.
I bet that dog is over there.
I was told to wait here.
If you had not eaten so much, you would not be so sleepy now.
After a long journey we finally arrived.
Do you think I can do that?
I don't feel like studying.
Can you guarantee our safety?
I needed a place to sit down and rest.
What was your score?
We really do see people as we think they are and not as they are.
I thought that I gave you the key yesterday.
I need to get her to a doctor.
You may want to tell Charlie that.
All of my friends are out of town.
Do you think animals have a soul?
I thought that you might like to know that William is planning to be here tomorrow.
There is no response from him.
Do you want it or not?
There will be no holiday for this summer.
The girl kissed her father on the cheek.
Joe was a friend.
Out you go!
James says he can do that by himself.
This party is awesome.
Don't play around on the way back from school.
Anna knows she doesn't have much choice.
Jami used to enjoy doing that.
Something seemed off.
Do you mind if I come along?
That's so gross.
Charlie is already beginning to talk.
It's not out yet.
I didn't know that you used to do that when you lived in Boston.
What really happened between James and Carmen?
I'll give this apple to anyone who wants it.
Can you accompany me there, please?
George got out of his car and opened the gate.
Tell him your name.
I'm sorry that I didn't call.
You swore that you wouldn't do that anymore.
I can't believe that you kissed Susie.
It's my fault, not yours.
Joe's shoes don't match his suit.
Oliver said that Julia is looking forward to seeing you.
She told me she'd come.
We're looking for the truth.
Alice will get dirty if she does that.
What do Jacob and Margaret like to do that you don't like to do?
This is a crime so well placed, in my opinion, that I cannot bring my mind to confess it.
She said that she's well.
Oscar works every day but Sunday.
I wasn't as poor as my neighbors.
I need to talk to Jami again.
He accepted our offer.
Is it that obvious that I have feelings for him?
Carmen did all she could to protect Jack.
Joe thinks that Valentina is beautiful.
Jack introduced his daughter to me.
Do you really need to print this?
I've only been here once before.
Is this some kind of joke?
I know Adam has to leave.
William and Lucy have something they need to do right now.
I don't think that I want to do that now.
Let's wait until it stops raining.
Oscar has been in Boston for three years now.
You never seem to have much to say.
It's not so.
Why don't you to do that right now?
There's life in the old boy yet!
I have no intention of staying here in Australia.
I live three doors down.
They tried to walk past Jacob.
They say that they didn't want to do that.
Nobody but Jami does that.
How long has Alex worked in Australia?
You sound confused.
What's George doing to help?
It would have been better if you'd stayed with Oscar.
George said that I seemed excited.
Tommy and Margaret fell in love and planned to marry after the war.
It'll be difficult to convince Charlie to help us clean the garage.
Oscar was very thoughtful.
I feel secure with him.
What will be planted in this field?
They swore they wouldn't leave early.
Don't Oscar and Emma swim?
Did you and Harry both like the movie?
James came last week.
Eva is washing the dishes, isn't she?
Is it good?
I wish Oliver and Anna had told me that they weren't going to the party.
Can't you live your own life?
Alex didn't know what to do.
What do you find so amusing?
Muhammad said that he wasn't going to answer any more questions.
Joe can't have been there yesterday.
Muhammad and I are planning on going to Boston next fall.
She quickly went up the stairs.
Tell me what to do and I will do it.
People living in this area are dying because of the lack of water.
James said he already did that.
I know Muhammad would've allowed you to do that.
You are my three best friends.
I think we need to encourage Muhammad to study a little harder.
William and Julia said that they'd be willing to do this.
The apples are not ready to pick yet.
Muhammad said that he didn't like Carmen very much.
I decided on my exercise program.
Alex and I are quicker than you are.
It was peaceful.
I spent a week in Boston.
I know little things mean a lot.
You have a funny laugh.
I worked late last night.
The parking lot is almost empty.
Have you finished packing your suitcase?
Every effort deserves a reward.
I know you don't ever want to see me again.
His death marks the end of a chapter in our history.
Do we represent you?
He told me that he's well.
If you want to divorce, you will have to pay the price.
He walked across the street.
He touched me on the cheek.
See you in a little while.
I wonder whether Charlie is planning to do that.
I've done everything I needed to do.
She signs the most important documents.
Come on in and sit down.
Jack and Lucy were arrested on October 20th.
My brother goes fishing every weekend.
Why are you so successful?
Oscar came here from Boston.
I don't think that George has to go to school next Monday.
There is a limit of two pieces of luggage for each passenger.
Margaret has done what Adam expected her to do.
Where did you find such an ugly hat?
Why does Jack like wearing hats so much?
That was the first time I tried doing that.
They cooked all their own meals.
It will be a wonderful day!
Most of Catherine's friends know that she's in the hospital.
I came for him.
Harry thought that Lucy would be too busy to help him.
I know that Adam already knows why Valentina doesn't have to do that.
I'm not joking.
Tommy said Margaret knew that John might not be required to do that anymore.
Jack asked Alice where she'd done that.
Are you sure this is the room we're supposed to be in?
I came to talk about Jacob.
How many weeks have Oliver and Susie been doing that?
I think Harry is from Boston.
I didn't know James was planning on doing that today.
James is just nervous.
I rarely ever laugh.
The computer is a machine that allows one to write as quickly as they think.
If you ever have any problem with Adam, I'll help you out.
That's something we're prepared for.
Nothing's changed yet.
William thought Lucy would know where John was.
Why did she stay at home yesterday?
Oscar did something very foolish.
I don't think that Tommy has as much experience as I do.
About how many times a day do you wash your hands?
You were good.
I love you more than I love her.
I thought that Adam would be in Boston on October 20th.
We'd better go check on it.
I brought a picture of you.
Maybe you'd better go get them.
I just want what's best for you.
Thank you, my child.
"The governor is dying," were the first words he said.
She said she had better things to do.
Monica claims she was born in 2013.
I know that Valentina is more beautiful than me.
More and more people drink orange juice.
Won't you go?
Does that matter?
I thought that you might be in Australia this week.
Let's go to Boston with Muhammad.
They're finishing their work.
I don't play video games.
You should've seen me run.
I don't think that I ever knew what Jack did for a living.
You should pay more attention to what I say.
Alex is sure that he'll succeed.
Muhammad should have told us about that earlier.
We've got to try and stop him.
He didn't see the stop sign and almost hit the child crossing the street.
The painting won't be sold.
Where can I get my suit pressed?
Could you please wait a minute?
I'm being patient.
I'll see you all later.
My dog bit her.
Adam isn't really my uncle.
Can you remember when Oliver joined our company?
Do you see that cute girl over there?
Tommy refused to kiss Catherine.
I didn't know you expected me to do that with James.
I don't know the answer to that.
Adam said more than Anna wanted him to.
It's about time we went to bed.
Jack moved to Australia last year.
The telephone is red.
I plan on buying a new umbrella.
Jack said Laur was likely to be drunk.
You should take her illness into consideration.
William spent time with Catherine.
George didn't know Mary was John's cousin.
As the poet says, a little learning is a dangerous thing.
They say they're good at chess.
I've already waited for three hours.
It's going to be hard to do that now.
I just got a text from James.
My leg hurts now.
Have you ever seen people actually go into that cave?
Oliver doesn't enjoy teaching French.
I suspect that Jack will come to Australia.
Maybe we could get together after work.
Alex and Lucy told John that they thought Alice wasn't finished doing that.
Do you know where I can get a taxi?
Catherine told James that she didn't think John was nervous.
Doesn't Jacob ever wear a shirt?
Everyone knew George didn't want to visit Boston.
What do you really think of her?
I asked Catherine to tell me what she wanted.
My house is very old.
When was the last time you sold a car?
How was the beach?
These windows are opened by him.
I can't put up with an insult like this.
Jacob hasn't hit a home run all season.
What do you love about the environment?
My French class is at 2:30.
I'm pretty sure that Oliver is now in Australia.
Jacob couldn't have done that without your help.
Jack does that differently than me.
She did what she was supposed to do.
I think you had better call on him.
William ought to be allowed to go to Eva's party.
Harry wondered why Catherine was so nervous.
We talk about that a lot.
Oliver is aware of the risks involved.
We organized a water fight in school.
Even though they were poor, they were happy.
William said that he thought we should do that by ourselves.
Thanks, George. I had fun today.
We only want to help you.
Muhammad is probably not going to come tomorrow.
Even if I knew where Oscar was, I wouldn't tell you.
You shouldn't forget to sleep.
We can take the subway there.
That's absolutely amazing.
After talking to Muhammad for a few minutes, it became obvious that his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
I had a terrible experience.
Harry promised to talk to Laur about that.
Joe wanted to get someone to do that for him.
People are beginning to notice Charlie.
We were all at school together.
Everybody's so busy.
I wish I could talk about it.
Jack isn't sure what to believe.
I would like this meeting to last less than ten minutes.
Oliver and Julia are screaming.
This isn't possible without Muhammad's help.
In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.
Because the president is a human being, making mistakes is possible.
Laur is quite busy now, isn't she?
I know that Oliver has finished doing that.
I didn't know that you were still a high school student.
Life isn't all fun and games.
Everyone survived.
They completed the picture hand in hand.
Where were you when Muhammad needed help?
Alex and Carmen said they didn't cry.
We both forgot about the meeting.
You're shorter than I am, aren't you?
You still haven't met your girlfriends parents?
People are so funny.
We forgot you don't like pizza.
I thought that they'd find someone else.
Eva said she's glad James didn't get hurt.
Charlie said that Monica knew that he wanted to do that by himself.
No, you don't have my approval.
Where can I get some?
William and Julia both have quite a few friends.
Everyone is on vacation.
Is there some way I can assist you?
I just had breakfast with her.
I'm sure glad to see you.
This is not a video game. This is real life.
We're getting married in Australia.
I'm really sorry that I told you that.
They caught up with him at the entrance.
We're about to eat.
William and Alice told me they didn't like doing that.
Too sweet.
Was the message delivered?
Jacob can't believe Olivia is serious.
It'll just take a second.
Positive feelings grant good health.
Health is the first condition of happiness.
Is there anyone here who hasn't been to Boston?
Oliver will get you in trouble.
I don't really watch TV.
I hope Adam and Lucy aren't stubborn about that.
She's hoping you'll help her.
I tell it like it is.
Laur told me she thought it would be fun to do that.
"Have you finished it?" "On the contrary, I'm just starting."
Joe is usually quite organized.
Eat a lot!
We will win the battle.
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.
Adam let me know he wanted to do that.
George was not in the mood to laugh.
Tommy's finished.
They think that they're related to me.
William said he was glad that you did that for Olivia.
I'm really glad you came over.
Laur's husband is just as funny as she is.
Few passengers survived the accident.
Friends are more important than relatives.
Mary is having a bad dream.
How did it go?
What's it to you?
I didn't believe Oliver.
Susie read everything she could find.
Muhammad said he'd be afraid to do that alone.
We're embarrassing ourselves.
I need to pay the rent.
You sound like an old woman.
We've got two cats - one is white, and the other's black.
There's not much else to say.
This spider is pretty aggressive.
I'm really enjoying this book.
That's the only way to describe it.
None of us think Joe will help us.
I want to buy a more expensive watch.
I hope they all have fun.
I don't want to run into him.
Oscar was stabbed multiple times.
They told me that they love me.
I never saw that coming.
I'm still waiting for William to do that.
Alex finally realized that Catherine was right.
I think that James was the one who told me that.
Do you want your whiskey straight or should I mix it with water?
They bought themselves sports cars.
Love me little, love me long.
There were three people waiting before me.
I should have done that the way Jack told me to do it.
That tie is too expensive.
I'll spend next winter in Australia.
He filled up the hole in the wall.
Tommy stood at the sink, washing his hands.
I didn't know Jack knew why Mary did that on Monday.
Everybody at school knows Jami can't swim.
What happened to your car?
I'm not sure that anyone would be willing to help me.
Joe says he doesn't think Alice would let you do that.
Do you think I should stop Oscar?
Harry's mother told him that he should eat more vegetables.
It was super embarrassing.
I'm trying to help a friend.
Monica knew that what she was doing was wrong.
I don't think William and Olivia know that they aren't supposed to be doing that.
Joe is going to be sleeping by the time we get there.
That's shit!
I don't like speaking in French and Muhammad and Alice don't either.
What time did you get to bed last night?
Joe has helped us in the past.
Lucy didn't tell Alex what she wanted to eat.
Were they shopping?
Anna is the only woman that I've ever been in love with.
Alex and Carmen locked themselves in their rooms.
I have three older brothers.
It wasn't that hard, was it?
James attempted to escape.
I think Jacob is much younger than Emma.
Say what you want, it won't change his mind.
Oscar said he figured Margaret could win.
Tommy wanted to see Susie before she left.
They hate their parents.
I need to find her now!
What's your favorite alcoholic drink?
Joe has started looking for a job.
I know that I can trust Charlie.
They said they need to do that.
We carry out some research into the causes of brain damage.
I'll tell Tommy and Mary you're looking for them.
The children were eager for their father's news.
We've solved the problem.
How soon can you get to my house?
The countryside is pretty.
I'm not sure it's a good idea for you to do that.
I've always done that that way.
George says he doesn't think Julia really did that.
How much time did we lose?
She can't hold a tune.
I suspect Alex and Susie don't often do that.
Jack and Catherine had a hard time making themselves understood in French.
See if you can persuade William to come.
Margaret said that she wants me to help her tomorrow afternoon.
She's always so fast!
Adam is the one who takes out the garbage.
You shouldn't make any noise when you eat soup.
I've already done everything you've told me to do.
Lucy was sitting at the counter by herself.
We want it back.
Everyone should go.
It's their choice.
Maybe Charlie and Mary don't know exactly what they should do.
I need to work on that.
Joe grabbed Olivia by the hand.
I was mean to William.
George said that he thought he might be required to do that.
Tommy has already joined the team.
Physics is not easy to learn.
Emma is out walking her dog.
Neither Jack nor Valentina has suggested a solution.
I'll tell George the truth when the time comes.
I was unlucky.
Jack is worried about Anna's safety.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
Alex said he didn't want Lucy to do that.
Tommy has been in there for hours.
Which train are you catching?
In some ways education is like a disease: you have to get over it.
I don't really enjoy watching baseball on TV.
Is it a big deal?
You don't like the way I do that, do you?
Jami sang better than usual tonight.
Would you happen to know what this is?
Does this remind you of anybody?
You look great.
Do you think that Jami still has many friends left in Australia?
I'm pretty sure banks will be closed tomorrow.
Oscar isn't inside.
Laur said she didn't know what she was supposed to do.
George said that he'd finish doing that by himself.
He will like it.
I used to be wealthy.
Do you want help with that?
Charlie is expected to do that later today.
Dan didn't even help Linda.
I'm so happy to see you.
What did Jack and Catherine tell you they had to do?
I'm the only person here who can speak French.
I don't often tell jokes.
Nancy has been on good terms with my sister for more than five years.
I hear Joe and Emma have both quit school.
Oliver's father doesn't approve of him having long hair and a beard.
We have more than a hundred books at home.
They found the track of a bear in the snow.
It wasn't at all what Harry had expected.
I wonder whether or not Tommy will go to Boston.
The entrance is on the other side of the building.
I want to know when you'll be arriving.
Both Adam and Carmen are wearing hats.
I hate myself.
I have no free time.
I'm on my way back home.
Jacob and Eva told me that they were innocent.
Joe will go to Boston the month after next.
Jami said that he wished that he hadn't tried doing that.
You must talk to Oscar in person.
We are living in fear, we are suffering, we are not enjoying the sun and flowers, we are not enjoying our childhood.
We couldn't stop it.
We're very curious.
So he put them in prison three days.
The boy filled his bag with clothes.
Jack threatened Emma.
Did you think I was being too noisy?
After the lightning, came the thunder.
I met someone yesterday who knows you.
To do him justice, he is a good-natured man.
Sorry, the line is busy now.
Why's the door locked?
It may not be necessary for us to go to that meeting.
Emma is going as fast as she can.
I didn't say I wasn't going.
I'm not sure it's a good idea.
They walked their dogs in the park.
There is a strange man at the door.
I don't feel like doing anything when it's this hot.
He need not have come to the party last night.
Everyone except Joe left.
Muhammad pointed at something on the ground.
Please let me carry your bag.
May happiness knock early at your door, April.
It sounds like Jami is in trouble.
Charlie is still angry, isn't he?
Alex says he can't put up with the heat any longer.
Why do you follow me?
Why did she call?
I didn't think James would cry.
How did you spend your free time?
I've got a great idea for a Christmas present.
I read the report carefully.
Who hurt you?
He drank himself to death.
She sent you here, didn't she?
Oliver acts like he's exhausted.
Can I see that credit card?
He's way more experienced than I am.
Emma eats less than her sister does.
Why should that surprise you?
George isn't even from Boston.
James became very bored.
It was Alex who started the fight.
I'll never be forgiven.
Lucy is wearing a blue dress.
Olivia thought she was being cute.
Oliver says Boston is his favorite city.
Oliver, can I speak to you alone, please?
Adam doesn't know any other way to do that.
Mary says she's too busy to do that.
This is a basketball ball.
Aren't you over 18?
I forgot to tell you that Alex and Monica are coming over for dinner tonight.
I'm sure Jack will contact everybody.
You'd think they'd tell me what they want.
James doesn't look very confident.
Just keep training hard.
Stir the paint with a stick.
William paid for lunch.
I'm the teacher.
I didn't know if I could do it or not.
They said they knew how to win.
William was desperate to defend his reputation.
William was gone by the time we got there, but Monica wasn't.
I know that Harry loves basketball.
We have to clear the snow off the roof.
I am not worried about it.
I really need to sleep.
He showed me the camera which he had bought the day before.
Jami discovered Eva was stealing from the cash register.
Oliver is headed back to Australia.
You have been sitting here all this time and I didn't even notice you.
We changed everything.
They know that they were wrong.
You seemed convinced that Oliver wanted to do that.
Alex is probably going to win the race.
I said sit down.
Oliver said that he thought Catherine was suspicious.
I just didn't want you in here.
Harry said he's always done that.
Neither Adam nor Mary has experience doing that.
I'm sorry, but it's time.
Eva said that she wasn't in pain.
Is that French?
I realize that I'm not very likely to be able to do that.
It would be fantastic if we could sing together.
The student center is a good place to strike up conversations.
Alex won't have time to do anything else today.
Jacob didn't deserve the punishment that he received.
Isn't this against the rules?
We are going by train.
I agree completely with you on this point.
James tried on the hat, but it didn't fit.
You have a job to do.
Jacob invited Laur to his place to watch a movie.
Why isn't Muhammad planning on doing that?
She came with her parents.
The story ended suddenly.
I'm just trying to survive.
Oscar told me that he found something in the garden that I might be interested in.
I told William, but he didn't believe me.
She blew on her hands to warm them.
You should have just told me earlier.
Jacob stood over Valentina with a knife.
I don't remember asking you to do that.
How long are you staying in Japan?
Someone sent us a gift.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
There was a tall tree in front of my house.
George admitted that he didn't like Valentina very much.
Guess how tall I am.
We did it by ourselves.
I told Jami that it was important to be there by 2:30.
Oliver spent a week in Australia last winter.
Tommy said that Alice knew John might not have to do that.
It is very important to think for yourself and to study.
Don't open the box yet.
The change of air worked wonders for her.
What are you guys looking at?
Experience is important.
I'm afraid to be alone at night.
I can't leave the house looking like this.
Why does Joe treat Lucy that way?
It's not death that I fear, but dying.
I know Jack is a lot older than I am.
James seemed determined.
Don't think about that anymore.
You are required to not smoke.
I've decided to do that a different way.
Back 'er up!
I'm glad you're over your cold.
My new course starts today.
The nest fell on the ground.
I thought you said you're tired of waiting for Jami to do that.
I have many things to do now.
If your parents like your job, then it's shit.
Adam shouldn't have waited until today to do that.
He always said he could do that.
William is a little worried about what might happen if he does that.
My younger sister is very good at singing.
I looked down at the ground.
That's what I've been doing.
She's so soft everywhere.
Jacob brought Olivia a cup of coffee.
We're looking for someone who speaks French.
Valentina didn't want to admit that she was scared.
Adam believes whatever I say.
That's something you'll regret.
My aim is to be a doctor.
We caught you.
Why wasn't George here today?
I didn't get much sleep last night.
My house faces to the south.
Jacob enjoyed reading Olivia's letters.
I thought that you said you've seen people doing that.
Oscar didn't tell Margaret about the robbery.
The current is very strong.
He cannot sing well.
Oscar told us a very interesting story.
He grabbed me by the collar.
I want to hear what Joe and Olivia have to say.
Oscar wanted to know what caused the accident.
Here there are a few stuck keys.
She can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad.
Are you offering to help?
How many people have been in today?
I haven't really made up my mind yet.
What would you have done in my place?
James couldn't find a job in Boston, so he came back home.
Joe suggested that we wait here.
That isn't very good.
We are supposed to have a meeting this day week.
I said turn right.
Emma looked like she was dizzy.
I'll try to be more like her.
Harry doesn't know I wish that he'd leave.
He told me he was a liar, but I don't believe him.
You're fooling yourself.
Oliver and Margaret probably couldn't do that by themselves.
They will accept your proposal.
She said she was still afraid.
Must I reserve a ticket a long time in advance?
I wish I were somebody important.
Where is this road?
I thought that you said that I could count on you.
I heard that both Charlie and Anna have been fired.
Don't you know anything about that?
Is it cold today? — No, it isn't.
I need to pay.
I didn't tell Adam I had been married before.
Who did that with Oliver?
Jack and Alice will pay me back what they owe me on Monday.
Where did he get his hat?
I was going home.
He said that he was very drunk.
Muhammad wanted to find out the cause of the accident.
Did you order the bombing?
I thought that we could do that.
Your link isn't working.
The whale is the largest animal on the earth.
I could've helped you out.
Meanwhile I can make myself understood.
I made soup in a big pot.
We're sure of that.
You do hope Adam will do that, don't you?
Jack has no object in life.
Alex did everything he possibly could to help Valentina.
Charlie and Monica told John they didn't plan to go.
Your help will save us a lot of work.
Why can't Joe go to Boston with you?
Say hello.
This is a bad deal.
Why doesn't Oscar like to eat fish?
I thought she was my friend.
Jacob may do that with Valentina.
I know that Alex isn't a very successful businessman.
I was quite hungry.
Be quiet for a second.
I think Oliver is healthy.
George told me that he was depressed.
We're talking about our friends.
The differences were minor, so I ignored them.
I thought you missed your flight.
He tried to convince them of his innocence in vain.
I sometimes make mistakes.
We're going to crash.
William and Anna said that they weren't tired.
Alex didn't have the courage to say no.
Can I tell you what bugs me?
We could ask them not to go.
Joe is probably going to stop crying soon.
There were two cakes.
Neither Adam nor Emma has a younger brother.
No one has to know.
George has no idea where Mary is planning on doing that.
She has her heart in music.
I don't think anyone could've done better than you did.
Oliver needs to get back here soon.
I don't believe we've ever met.
Following traffic rules is important.
I'll go tell them.
It was very hot this afternoon.
You ought not to say such a thing.
Only ever reading books like you do is bad for your health.
Jack's happiness means more to me than anything else in the world.
I have to ask him to help us.
Muhammad is probably planning to stay in Australia until October.
Joe and Julia may go fishing by themselves.
I sure hope I don't catch what's going around.
We have our lives to live.
I know William wasn't going to do that.
Have some coffee. I think it's really nice.
I sometimes have pain in my stomach.
I've always been poor.
She wouldn't let anybody help her.
Jane is very likely to come.
George walked to the window.
Alex could be armed.
I still haven't told Tommy why I want to do that.
I thought Joe would be awake when I got home.
There is no shame in saying 'I don't know'.
I want her to call every day.
Muhammad is too old to play games.
Jacob is able to do that with his eyes closed.
I've told you what you must do.
Muhammad said he wouldn't attend the meeting.
You're a quick study.
Why don't you believe me when I say I'm busy?
Love is complicated.
George did what we told him to do.
I'd do it myself, but I'm busy.
He and I are very happy about this message.
You're in love with Joe, aren't you?
George had a decision to make.
How did you get out of helping your father clean out the garage?
We should try to get Oliver to help us.
She's barely learning.
I can always go back to school.
We don't have to get there on time.
Open this present first.
I wonder whether Oscar will call me or not.
He gave me all the money he was carrying with him.
Muhammad says you may not need to do that.
I must make sure of the fact before I blame her.
Muhammad asked me how old I was.
Tommy was the only one who was doing that.
I was with someone.
How do you know it's not real?
If you're looking for Oliver, he isn't here.
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.
Let me pass by!
I learned French, before going to Europe.
Why didn't you tell me I had to do that?
I like English and music.
The Red Cross is a non-profit organization.
I'm quite tired.
I know Adam knew that we should've done that by ourselves.
William said that he knew Laur needed to do that.
Would you like me to turn the TV off?
William turned Monica down.
This will never happen again, I swear to you.
She hit the nail on the head.
I'm glad we made some progress.
Don't point at others.
I was not lonely.
What were you doing this time yesterday?
We are hoping for good weather during the sports festival.
I keep meaning to organize my desk.
Alex is smart enough to not do that.
He claims to be a friend, but it not such.
I didn't know that I could do that.
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.
Has anyone spoken to her?
Did you get your receipt?
Harry didn't need to stay, but he did.
They haven't said what they plan to do.
Seeing you always makes me think about my father.
I'm sorry, but could you buy me some bread?
I'll explain to you how to use it when I come back.
William must be mad.
Joe is working with Anna.
Eva's dog is still waiting for her just outside the front door.
I need this job.
He'd do that if you asked him to.
Could you tell me the way to Tokyo Tower?
Mr. Gray was the first man that arrived.
Oliver and Emma sat next to each other at the table in the conference room.
Jami did that as soon as he was able to.
Jami doesn't like punk rock.
Are you scared to tell Oliver?
Boston was a great place to grow up.
He put his toys into the toy box.
It is necessary that you take a good rest.
These apples look very fresh.
I sure hope Jack comes to Boston in October.
You're lost, aren't you?
I'll just get my coat.
Let me introduce you to him.
I want to make a phone call.
I don't think George knows whether Mary likes dogs or not.
Alex's suitcase is too heavy for him to carry.
Sue picked up a pencil off the floor.
I had a boyfriend named Jack.
There's a hero, if you look inside your heart.
How dare you speak to me in this way!
I thought that you said you were glad you didn't do that.
We've ordered Chinese food.
Oliver doesn't think Julia did that.
Don't shout like that, he's not deaf.
Neither shall there remain any thing of it until morning. If there be any thing left, you shall burn it with fire.
I knew Harry and Susie weren't good at sports.
Oscar and Margaret said they knew John might need to do that today.
I don't think that my ex-girlfriend and I'd ever start dating again.
Muhammad wanted an apology.
What are you so afraid of?
Charlie is eager to meet Emma again.
Tommy is likely eating right now.
The boy stood on end.
Joe took off on his bike.
He did it in good faith.
Adam will try to convince Monica to help him.
I doubt very seriously Jack will stop doing that.
William should have arrived by now.
I can't believe you could say something like that.
I've lived in Boston for a few years.
Do you remember what happened on this day last year?
I have to be there by 7:00.
The mother lay beside her baby on the bed.
I know I'm not perfect.
I promise that I won't tell anybody why we're here.
Jami and Olivia don't know how much time they'll have to do that.
Muhammad and Mary would do that if you asked them to.
Jami often goes for walks with Olivia.
Joe and I don't do that by ourselves very often.
Harry has been putting on weight recently.
Linda was Dan's girlfriend at that time.
Have you ever forgotten how old you are?
The roaring lion terrified the boy.
Joe said that he knew he might not need to do that by himself.
Alex said that he was going to ask Valentina to leave.
George scored the first goal.
I want something more.
I'll stay home today.
My son, Harry, and his fiancée, Lucy, got married today.
When was the last time you taught driving?
Jacob still uses dial-up Internet.
God, give us peace!
I've seen enough.
Where's he wandering about?
I didn't know that James and Laur were sick.
Odds are that won't happen.
Jack is terribly jealous.
George is going to find Alice.
Doing that probably won't be safe.
I didn't do that as quickly as I should have.
Carmen got first prize, didn't she?
I've been worried sick about you. Why didn't you call?
Believe in yourselves.
It was very confusing.
I don't like to ride the train during rush hour.
It's great to be with you.
The Sun is a G-type main-sequence star.
Did you feel the earthquake last night?
You're no friend of mine.
Jacob and Laur say that they aren't going to do that.
I've decided to try doing that myself.
I have lived here since I was a boy.
Harry says that he saw Catherine doing that.
Alice told Oliver that she didn't think she'd be able to do that again.
Why is Australia a popular destination for tourists?
We just have to learn to live with it.
I thought Muhammad would be better at doing that.
Mike is one of our brains.
Jack is broke again.
Monica married for money.
Jacob and Eva said that they wouldn't cry.
I went to the airport by taxi.
I'm the only other person who could've done that.
There are other ways to do this.
She is responsible for it.
Please take me to the hospital.
His voice is that of a god.
Why does Tommy need to go to Australia?
I thought that Harry didn't work today.
Charlie has been seeing somebody else.
I'm sure he'll be as good as his word.
I used to be a strong man.
"What did you talk about?" "Nothing."
England was once torn by civil war.
Where does Jacob want to go?
I told Tommy that I couldn't do that.
William told me he wasn't in pain.
My dad doesn't know, but mom does.
I found him a job.
It is bold of him to refuse our offer.
Joe asked Emma to help me.
William shut his computer down.
The job's almost done.
Muhammad can speak French pretty well.
How did Oliver manage to lose so much weight so quickly?
Charlie and Eva wanted to get married and have kids as soon as possible.
Did you need something?
Were you happy with the results?
Adam is never here in the morning, is he?
Adam didn't know what to do with it.
We love it here.
Do what I tell you.
It's too simple.
I didn't expect to meet you.
Jack said that he thought he might be allowed to do that.
Let's keep this simple.
You have to tell George not to do that.
I didn't want to testify against Jami.
William didn't want any of his friends to know he was a drug dealer.
Why can't we go to school like everybody else?
This letter is for you.
He said that he knew how to win.
When do the Christmas holidays begin?
How are your grades?
That's the reason I didn't do that.
I didn't want to hurt your feelings.
He is shit out of luck.
I made no comment.
Try harder to find the answer; there must be one.
Men with guns were waiting for them.
Jack tried to read Carmen's name tag.
Joe was my boyfriend at that time.
I didn't know why Adam didn't need to do that until he told me.
He swore he was innocent.
Unfortunately Alex isn't healthy.
Adam finally managed to persuade Julia to help him.
It is not always easy to make a good joke.
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
Are you willing to risk that?
I know that Joe knew I'd never done that before.
Tommy is likely to be alone, isn't he?
I saw you looking at her.
Oscar has apparently committed suicide.
She is very talented.
Harry sat next to Mary on the floor.
It shouldn't be this quiet.
Alex said that he didn't think that Eva really needed to do that.
Of course, I didn't tell Oscar.
How many days do you want to stay in Boston?
I'll stay at home.
You made the same mistake again.
I know William knew that I had to do that.
James didn't want to explain it to me.
Jacob said Lucy is probably still in Australia.
You can't tell Jacob what happened.
Joe and Alice say that they'll leave on Monday.
Harry told me that he was lost.
My mom thinks I'm smart.
It's William's brother's birthday today?
From here on out things are going to change, for the worse.
I appreciate your interest.
He hasn't been married long.
I found the bed very comfortable.
You look amazing.
James and Olivia told everyone that they were done.
I am learning Turkish.
That's not like you.
You aren't telling me the whole truth, are you?
Do Jack and Lucy have to do that, too?
Oscar doesn't think it was Carmen's fault.
Don't you like that?
I know that Oliver is a better pilot than Eva is.
He gave in.
I don't know if that's true.
Look, I don't want to lose my job.
We have to split.
I think that Joe won't be home on October 20th.
I wonder if Jami and Margaret are done.
How much does the average car weigh?
Why don't you buy a new car?
She told me she told you.
Specialist workers are in demand.
I've got nothing.
Do you hate horror movies?
She said that she knew who did that.
Oscar doesn't like to eat where people are smoking.
I'll be in Australia by this time tomorrow.
Is it hard for you to do this?
I saw Jami sitting on the porch.
Please take off your shoes.
Tommy closed his umbrella and put it in the umbrella rack near the door.
Dan didn't fulfill his duty.
I wouldn't trust Tommy if I were you.
He is always complaining of ill treatment.
It takes me hours to feel like I'm awake.
He told me he was thirty.
Jami couldn't remember the punch line of the joke he wanted to tell.
How much does that lamp cost?
It appears that she has a secret.
I'm the first musician in my family.
I'm not sure that I really understand this.
It was a very hard training.
This is not an easy question.
You didn't tell them what he wrote in that article.
Oscar wouldn't have done that if Alice hadn't been there.
Doesn't Oscar ever get tired?
Jami said that he walked home.
Oliver is happy now.
I have a weak stomach.
It was a private matter.
I think it might be dangerous for Harry and Olivia to do that by themselves.
I never see him but I am happy.
I don't name names.
Your sentence structure and word choice make it very clear indeed that you have a high command of the German language.
Charlie is very likely to succeed.
I was able to see the doctor.
I told you the result as soon as it was made public.
Olivia is too young to retire, isn't she?
I thought you weren't supposed to do that.
I'm not able to do that because I don't have enough money.
I chose to look the other way.
I don't think I'd ever want to live in Australia.
I couldn't live without you.
This night was inevitable.
At the end of the day, it's just food.
Would you help me out?
Keep it to five words.
He hopes that he'll be able to win.
I can't be bothered to do my homework.
Do you really want to live in Boston?
I thought I told you not to come here.
Why are you always defending Jami?
Tokyo is by far the largest city in Japan.
Did you just insult me?
You need to make a real change.
They said that they understood.
Can I pay you tomorrow instead of today?
Let me know the results later.
Don't depend on other people too much.
I think that Joe is a good lawyer.
She joined her school's drama club.
Stop the car immediately.
His car broke down on the way to work.
Well, shall we call it a day?
It's been a long time since I've talked to Charlie.
Olivia said she thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
You shouldn't do that with just anybody, you know.
"How did it go?" "It went well."
My cat is running around the room.
He gave me a piece of advice.
Are you sure you're up to this, George?
Oscar usually drinks a lot more than Lucy does.
Joe is still breathing.
I'm disappointed in you, Joe.
Olivia doesn't know I don't like her.
Jami was very fat when he was in junior high school.
George and Emma said they didn't want me to tell John what had happened.
How did Oscar know Olivia would win?
I don't think that Harry can convince Alice to stay.
I think we could do that.
Joe says he's never owned a car.
The language I'm learning now is not the same language he's learning.
There is an apartment house near my house.
I think Jacob could do that if he really needed to.
No one has ever asked me that question before.
How are you going to get to Australia?
Can we have a minute alone?
I didn't know you weren't planning on doing that with us.
I don't think it's up to you to decide.
Oliver didn't answer at first.
I've already spoken to her.
Make sure Charlie gets his homework done.
I guess we wouldn't have been able to carry out the plan if it weren't for your help.
Oliver didn't believe my story.
No one knew that James was in Boston.
I need that medicine.
I imagine Joe will be here soon.
Jack looks interested.
They started fighting.
That took place in Boston three weeks ago.
The rich are not always happy.
I don't blame William.
She enjoyed herself at the party yesterday.
It's just a cut.
He tried in vain to lift up the stone.
Oscar and Margaret say that they want something to eat.
"Where is your father?" "I don't have one."
Jack is going to talk about that at today's meeting.
Tommy said that he wanted to go swimming with us.
You've won my heart.
They ran naked in the park.
I'm going to wash my car.
I didn't lose that much.
Julia said she wouldn't dream of allowing Jacob to do that.
Where's the proof?
Harry didn't have any problems with Emma.
Susie said she thought Jami probably wouldn't do that.
I have never been to England.
They sat up talking late at night.
I really had to run for it to catch the train.
Keep your thoughts to yourselves.
What have you told her?
Try on another one.
She drank a cup of milk.
Jami went to Boston three days ago.
Oscar was the only one who wasn't asleep.
Harry is confused, isn't he?
James had nothing to say, so he left.
When it comes to dancing I have two left feet.
I don't drink beer, only spirits.
Will world peace ever be a reality?
Bow down!
This is good news.
I just want to hug you.
I don't think that it'll be easy for me do that.
Adam said that he'd expected Susie to do that yesterday.
You'll just be losing ground.
I don't think that we'll do that here.
Oscar didn't plan on doing that.
I know that George is the one who's supposed to tell Laur she won't be allowed to do that.
Oscar was one of them.
Jami stopped taking care of his family.
When do you think Jacob is going to want us to do that?
He was seen to enter the building.
He left Japan at the end of the year.
I know that you put your best effort into it.
James is packing his things into boxes.
She put her room in order before her guests arrived.
"Whose cows are these?" "They are my grandmother's."
Of course, this is illegal.
How late did Jack work yesterday?
The eyes are the window into the soul.
I didn't know William knew how long it was going to take to do that.
I had completely forgotten to do that.
It's quiet enough to hear a pin drop.
I understand nobody wants to help us.
We won't have time to do anything else today.
Don't expect anybody to help you.
I think that Alex is going to Australia next month.
Tommy is a very clever student.
Muhammad was very late, wasn't he?
It's not always about the money, is it, Oliver?
Are you guys free this afternoon?
Muhammad can't take it any longer.
Tell us a little bit about yourselves.
I have always been very passionate about literature.
We're doing fairly well.
What was the name of the last song you sang last night?
If you'd stuck around, you would have had a lot of fun.
Harry still hasn't forgiven me.
You aren't afraid of dying, are you?
I knew your mother well.
Why don't you ask Alex to help you wash the car?
I'd advise you to stick to your principles rather than give in so quickly to her demands.
The teacher wore a harsh expression on his face.
I have a feeling you're going to like Australia.
Would you step aside?
We all believe in something.
What? You can't drive yet?
William offered to give me money.
Money is the last thing on his mind.
James doesn't have time to eat right now.
I need you to help me today.
I was lucky that I was able to do that.
I'm sure that's what William needs.
I'm nice to Oliver.
I told Muhammad he was a coward.
Though it's not the same as holding a copy in your hand, it can be useful to see what's out there.
The elephant was shot.
Joe, what do you want for supper?
I can't believe you just did that.
George didn't get upset.
What is he drinking?
Tommy said he doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
George doesn't have much of a choice.
George seemed to be well.
She likes to show off.
Charlie may not pass the test.
I am thankful for friends who keep me active and social.
There was nothing left to do.
Look, I'm a little busy.
Is there any chance that Oscar can win?
We've been working hard on this.
I didn't think Oscar was lonely.
I know that Jacob doesn't know I need to do that.
Alex says that's not enough.
Normally, I wouldn't have been so busy.
He lives in a village.
Jacob asked me to meet Monica at the station.
Do you know anyone who would be able to help me?
I don't think that Jami wanted Margaret to do that by herself.
He asked the teacher about something.
It is a table.
She could've kicked herself.
I was hoping you'd be reasonable.
She is poor, but she is happy.
James is very late, isn't he?
Charlie stuck out like a sore thumb.
Have you bought all your Christmas gifts?
Charlie and Laur said they didn't want to talk to me.
Joe seemed to be curious.
It looks like Laur got what she wanted.
Jami seemed to be in good health.
I don't know when William got to Australia.
You can use my car as long as you drive it carefully.
I know that William knows I had to do that.
James won't name names.
Both Jami and I enjoy watching horror movies.
Is it already so late?
He knows that he hears something.
George had a good reason not to go.
I was a reporter.
It's normal in Germany.
She's just a liar.
Everyone here except me has done that.
I suspect that Adam and Laur aren't able to do that very well.
Oliver is most likely doing that now.
Charlie seemed surprised when Monica said that she didn't know John.
She said she'll laugh.
The dress costs fifteen euros.
I don't want to live in a country that doesn't want to defend my rights.
Are you Jami Jackson by any chance?
I'm not used to having so much free time.
Charlie is trying to do what's right.
Someday your dream will come true.
Tommy said Olivia looked like she was busy.
I think you should tell Charlie that you won't be here tomorrow.
I'm sure she has other skills.
That doesn't sound very exciting.
"When should we tell Muhammad this?" "Now is the best time."
I don't think Oliver will be cold.
Joe is seriously thinking about doing that.
Do you think we can trust Oliver?
She pulled him out of the mud.
I don't remember how this movie ends.
I knew who he probably was.
I want to know why you thought that I was supposed to do that.
It was kind of a surprise.
Don't listen to that man.
Jacob is a professional football player.
I don't want to risk our plan just because you are trigger-happy!
I don't think George and Carmen are listening to me.
The air felt a little cold.
I didn't know that I'd be late.
He said he didn't want to leave.
I'll pay for this.
Is it OK if I stay here?
Julia said that she didn't feel cold.
Adam wanted to get married to Valentina.
William and Emma didn't seem to care that nobody seemed to like them.
I'm not saying that it's not possible.
I didn't want Tommy to know what had happened.
Alice told me she'd do it tomorrow.
Oscar and I used to work for Valentina.
What a fine moon we have tonight!
I'm worried about what'll happen if Adam comes.
Adam got offended.
Might there be life after death?
Thank you for always sticking up for me when necessary.
I never meant to hurt them.
Neither Adam nor Olivia has agreed to work for us.
They said that they knew that I would come.
Tommy laughed so loud that Monica could hear him from the kitchen.
Why did Harry and Olivia kill themselves?
Are you suggesting that we call Jack?
Olivia says she isn't planning on doing that anymore.
This is a complex problem.
Harry and Mary said they were really worried.
Charlie will take care of Alice's dog while she's away.
I've eaten.
Jacob had no problem winning.
Joe and Laur told John they could do that today.
They are going to meet at the hotel tomorrow.
I don't know why I bother trying to help you.
Alex went to school with me.
Jacob studied French after dinner while his mother washed dishes.
I think everyone wants to do that.
I tried to sound out his views.
What's the plan?
He helped us out when he could.
Dan never saw any part of the castle.
I plan to go to the pool every day this summer.
Where do you sleep?
He didn't have time to spend with his children.
He says he'll quit doing that.
Jack begged me to wait.
Oliver said that he doesn't plan on going to that restaurant anymore.
Where has she learned Italian?
I heard that James really likes basketball.
Why did you quit?
It's foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer.
Eventually, George and Julia got married.
We need more volume.
Oliver and Margaret say that they still need help.
She told me that she'd like to help.
You're arguing just to argue.
I hope Tommy can figure out how to do that.
If you die, everyone dies.
I'm still eating.
Harry went back to his desk and sat down.
You never let me go anywhere by myself.
Charlie and Carmen must've forgotten that they'd already done that.
I'm not sure about that.
Tommy and John are sworn friends.
George let Monica escape.
You've got a one-size-fits-all answer.
Charlie said he knew that Monica wouldn't do that.
Tommy left Boston early on Monday morning.
Valentina said that she felt rejected.
Why did you want to go?
George wondered when the meeting would start.
Will she make a full recovery?
You should tell Tommy to come early.
What specifically are you looking for?
I just thought I'd ask.
She can leave if she wants.
Tommy gets off on that kind of thing.
I know that Oliver is hurt.
Tommy had no one to discuss his problems with.
I'm going to tell her that.
The car is white.
I'm the one who gave Tommy his nickname.
I'd be very glad if you came.
I go there all the time.
To defend myself, I had to tell a lie.
Instead of going to Boston, I want to go to Chicago.
Charlie doesn't feel like eating anything right now.
You were the only person that was ever nice to me.
We're wealthy.
Father is well as usual.
I recommend doing that the way Oliver suggested.
I have to help William. He's my own flesh and blood.
Culture is handed down from generation to generation.
I've been offered another job.
Aliens will land on Earth.
Laur says she needs to find somebody to help her.
The school is three miles from my house.
Everyone wants me to go, but I don't feel like going.
William talked about that.
Jacob said that he was done for the day.
She has a terror of darkness.
Charlie was a brave soldier.
I'm not answering that question.
More people came than we expected.
My hobby is playing golf.
He told me he'd be alone.
Neither Muhammad nor Carmen has been asked to leave.
Take this to your toys box.
Oscar and Eva said it was them who needed to do that.
The weak are food for the strong.
He refused my invitation.
You need to do that more quickly next time.
They want it for themselves.
You might want to tell that to James.
He is driving very fast.
I cried earlier today.
We need to get rid of all this stuff.
Alex knows that Monica is away.
It is almost ten o'clock.
I thought that we were just having drinks.
She spends all of her money on clothes.
If I were you, I'd call a doctor.
Oscar died of a heart attack in Australia.
You should be ashamed of your conduct.
I have my own bedroom at home.
I wonder whether we forgot to tell Olivia she was supposed to do that.
Monica said she thought Tommy was alone.
I know you aren't going to do that today.
Duty calls to me.
Harry's shirt was on his bed.
William and Eva promised John they'd help him with his homework.
In a foreign country most of us go through culture shock.
I suggest you wait until at least 2:30.
There's nothing left to tell.
Muhammad has overcome a lot.
Margaret was an extraordinary woman.
I came by taxi.
They're studying in their rooms now.
Jack was loaded into an ambulance.
It was really funny.
I told you that I couldn't be trusted with secrets.
I'm from Boston, but I live in Chicago.
A part of the country was at one time a French settlement.
Could you stand up, please?
Muhammad doesn't want to go to his company's Christmas do this year.
I don't think that we should be talking to each other.
Tommy got on the elevator and pressed the button for the third floor.
Let Jami do the washing.
Why didn't you make William stop?
I've already forgotten what you told me I should do.
Something always sticks.
Didn't you use to work at a hospital?
He would like to see you in his office.
William isn't doing a very good job today.
I know that George could probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you arrive in Boston.
I wonder who the people I saw her with were.
I'm sure that Oscar is a very busy man.
I want to do that before Jacob gets here.
I'm the only one who can't do that.
Why did you leave us?
I began to feel dizzy.
I would often go swimming in the sea when a child.
Julia always drinks her coffee black.
There are too many of us to fit into one taxi.
I wanted to say more.
You are a good journalist.
What did you kiss me for?
My profits were just on paper.
I think that Muhammad could get Alice to do that.
Don't forget to clock out before you leave work.
Why are you still in Boston?
Adam asked me where to go.
Jack and Mary are coming to get us.
Charlie has a new bicycle.
Charlie didn't want Mary to know that he'd been in prison.
Oscar is obviously very rich.
I'm glad William and Emma are on our team.
I told Alex I was Eva's cousin.
The sun will soon set.
Adam turned the music off.
Tony is a very tall boy.
They say that they won't do that again.
Oliver said that he's glad that he was able to do that.
I knew Charlie wasn't a very good teacher.
He told me he was early.
Do you have a problem with any of this?
Tommy doesn't look even a little bit scared.
Take any one of these you like.
I know that you aren't ready to leave.
He's a baseball player.
I felt like talking to someone.
I immediately started crying.
Oscar said he doesn't plan on going hunting again.
Please be careful with this knife. It's very sharp.
I did not sleep well last night.
I know Muhammad doesn't know where Mary did that.
Find Jack and tell him to come here right away.
Jacob stabbed Mary with his knife.
The only language Alex knows how to speak is French.
How many of Emma's paintings have you sold for her?
Why don't you make yourselves comfortable?
They told me they left early.
My mother is beautiful.
We've known each other since we were children.
I'm supposed to meet George here in a few minutes.
The boys stole some apples from the tree.
Ken didn't know what to say next.
This is really helpful.
They spoke for more than three hours.
Who's the artist, if I may ask?
Jack did what he wanted to do.
I didn't want to do that myself.
Did you pay for those shoes?
I do not believe the weather will change for the worse next week.
No answer is also an answer.
Joe said that he's always been interested in music.
My hobby is collecting insects.
Could you get a ticket for me?
Please leave nothing behind.
I imagine that George and Margaret will eventually get married.
He is as good as dead.
He is not coming, either.
They explained their decision.
That was inevitable.
I've already done everything Oscar and Eva have asked me to do.
When do Alex and Alice have to go to Boston?
There are many Roman buildings in Rome.
I know I won't be able to change Alex's mind.
"Where is William?" "He's not working today."
I didn't catch what he said.
He immediately left us.
Do you think you can do that?
When are you going to trust me?
The policeman's quick arrival surprised us.
I had to walk home.
There's one cup of warm water on the table.
Who took me here?
He didn't have a scratch on him.
She wants us to die with her.
William told me that he couldn't do that by himself.
Where are my things?
They said they had to call the police.
I let the team down.
Jami said he'd never tell Margaret to do that.
If I don't come, who will?
I didn't know how to do that, so I asked William to tell show me how.
Is there anybody doing that now?
What's the real reason you don't want to go to Boston?
No one followed you.
Jack wasn't there last month.
William had not been expecting this.
I know you don't want me to interfere, but I have to defend her.
"How do you do, Mr James?" "Fine, thanks for asking. Nice to meet you."
We all have to die sooner or later.
Oscar said that he thought that the room was too cold.
Carmen might've left her umbrella in Joe's car.
I would like to know what you intend to do now.
Never have I seen such a smart child.
Let me do this.
James isn't seeing Mary.
Julia could buy everything she needed.
She has never gone on a date with him.
Ken runs fastest of the three.
The wind stopped.
There is a desk in this room.
It seems like the right thing to do.
I don't have any pain.
James asked Laur for her telephone number.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.
I suggest you get a lawyer.
These gloves are mine.
Is something going on that I need to know about?
Joe's room stinks.
James didn't know how to ride a bicycle at that time.
This ticket is available for a whole year.
The guard thought they were joking until he saw their guns.
I think you've got it backwards.
William said that Carmen didn't look too busy.
James said that he owes Lucy $300.
Oscar says he's very hungry.
I'm going to Boston this week.
I don't think you're being objective.
Emma never wears the same clothes twice in a week.
Are you going to ask me or not?
How old is she now?
George is likely to still be downstairs.
I should tell Joe that he ought to do that.
I've never been robbed before.
Why did Oliver get into that car?
I don't trust banks.
His salary is low so he has to do odd jobs.
We're expecting to have this new rule applied from tomorrow.
Joe didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Muhammad told me he was confused.
I lost my driving license.
Do you know what I think in this regard?
They eat a lot of rice.
George is never going to go back to Boston.
It's easier this way.
Please don't interrupt me for a while.
I no longer need to work.
Have Tommy and Catherine call me.
Alex let Valentina know that he didn't like to do that.
You should have seen what happened.
The story was so funny that I split my sides.
Joe is the only one I've told.
It seems that everybody's having fun.
I'm a level-headed person.
Adam said that he thought he might have to do that.
I think that it'll be interesting to see how much Muhammad can sell that painting for.
Valentina is a woman.
He was taken away by a policeman.
Today it's difficult to make ends meet.
I'm listening to her.
They hadn't eaten since morning.
I wasn't used to doing that.
Was Jami funny?
Adam and Carmen paid someone to help them move the piano.
Muhammad and Laur are here and they'd like to talk to you.
Remember to enjoy yourself.
Adam and Susie lost their land.
Does it show?
Adam is your neighbor's son, isn't he?
I didn't know it at the time.
Let's pretend that we're soldiers.
Jack didn't know where Eva wanted him to put her suitcase.
I'll never change my mind.
Jacob and Lucy aren't likely be punished for what they did.
I was there with her.
Adam is in the front.
Jami wants to marry me.
I caught up with them soon.
I'd have done that if I'd thought it was necessary.
He says he needs another computer.
Jack enjoyed Eva's story.
He never loses his head.
I don't think we should go this way.
I talked to her on the telephone.
Tommy is now in prison, isn't he?
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
They admitted that they were thieves.
I'm feeling a little under the weather today.
She fell on her face.
He visits us now and then.
Eva goes there whenever she has a chance.
Alex said he didn't know where he was supposed to go.
Funny how? Funny ha-ha or funny odd?
Alex has been to your place before, hasn't he?
Could you check that again, please?
George and Margaret told me they weren't going back to Boston.
James doesn't think Mary likes to do that.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Are you still in the office?
There's no door.
It's obvious that James won't be able to do that without some help.
Joe and Margaret said they plan on going.
They're all gone now.
They live on the floor beneath.
They acted surprised.
Let's drink to Jack's success.
They would ask you about the party.
The quality of their products has gone down over the years.
I didn't know that the cost of living was so high in Australia.
You're my age.
I didn't know that what we were doing wasn't legal.
Jacob and Lucy wrapped the present they were going to give to John.
They didn't argue much.
As far as I know, Joe didn't break any rules.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I want to buy.
There is nothing you can do that I haven't already done to myself.
It's not so far-fetched.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
You've already decided not to go, haven't you?
Harry knows you can't do that.
They said they loved baseball.
You still don't do that, do you?
The call has come through.
George doesn't know when to keep quiet.
Don't you want to try?
Oliver almost never gets sick.
I need to go feed the chicken.
Yeah, I want you to do it.
I met an old friend of mine the other day.
Alex and Laur told John that they thought Alice was alone.
Can you fix a flat tire on a bike? That kind of thing's a piece of cake.
I'm pretty sure Adam doesn't know how to swim.
It's dry as dust.
Did you see my daughter?
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought that painting for you.
You may not like what you hear.
It's easy to do that, isn't it?
I've got to take a make-up test.
He has less bread.
That's my answer!
Did James and Mary say they'd eat with us?
He says he was fired.
Tommy has decided to start studying French.
They're always together.
Oscar and I often go to Australia.
I knew that Harry might get injured if he tried to do that.
This is my country, not yours.
That gave them an idea.
We expect Adam to do that on October 20th.
James stole his father's car.
Jack doesn't know who to ask.
I was in no hurry to do that.
I have to be in Australia on the 20th of next month.
I didn't do that because I didn't have any money.
It won't be long before Adam and Julia get here.
What'll happen to Jack now?
I haven't met Charlie's parents yet.
I don't want anyone to hear me.
Catherine was afraid someone would see her.
He looked like he was having fun.
I told Oscar not to buy a used car.
I know that that won't happen anytime soon.
You mean to say that the heat does not prevent you from playing football, but that it does prevent you from working?
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?
I think that Jami might not wait for me.
I think it's worth the price.
Anna didn't deny that she was the one who did that.
Do you think he can really change?
You're the only other person who knows the combination to this safe.
I like to shop at that mall.
I don't know if Harry will be home this afternoon.
Millions of people lost all their savings.
Jacob and Laur told us they could help.
I really miss them.
You're the one who quit.
Susie ended up going by herself.
Don't you ever knock before you enter a room?
I'm pretty sure that Charlie and Laur are the only ones who don't want to do that.
This could be important.
Harry wanted to know what we expected to happen next.
There's a hair in the soup.
Jami told me he planned to wait until Monday to go.
Jim is not the man that you think him to be.
Adam said that he'd give Anna the book as soon as he finished reading it.
Can you please tell James I haven't made a mistake?
She stood silent, her head slightly to one side.
We need Harry's money.
This is where Jacob stays when he's in Australia.
I've got a sore throat.
Why don't you have a permit to do that?
Say it.
I wouldn't have missed it for anything.
I came back home to eat a meal.
Muhammad said Olivia was worried about you.
You never even have to see Adam.
I was sorry to hear about him.
Joe said it's important that we help everybody we can.
You did a really good job.
Susie wore a beautiful evening gown to the party.
How much do you read?
I know that Tommy knows that Monica wanted to do that.
We'll be home all day tomorrow.
My only friends are love and courage.
How can you tell Jami and Lucy aren't happy?
Why can't you just call him?
Monica is hoping she doesn't get arrested.
Many people thought that the war would be over by Christmas.
My body still hurts, but that multi-day holiday trip was super fun!
I spent ten dollars on a book.
You'll do that with Jacob, right?
She said she's exhausted.
Valentina stayed there by herself.
You never expected to do that again, did you?
I called you back.
The thief ran away in the direction of the station.
I'd like to see some dancing. Do you have any information?
I thought you cared about her.
I really miss Boston.
Does Oliver teach history?
I think you should tell William where you are.
There is little hope that he will recover.
Is it a good investment?
How much weight has Tommy gained?
I have about three minutes.
William is the one who ought to do that.
I really should get some sleep.
It's not easy to teach little kids.
Neither Oliver nor Alice has found a job.
George is serving time in prison.
Let me buy this car.
I assumed James understood French.
I'm trying to do this.
He working all right.
People of my generation all think the same way about this.
You're not starting to believe this stuff, are you?
William will likely do that for Susie.
I don't know how to buy a ticket.
Tommy and Margaret didn't do it themselves.
I hope you have a good weekend.
I'm a construction worker.
Laur would be furious if she knew.
I want to help a lot of people.
What is your mission?
Jami is confused, but Carmen isn't.
Now I know what I should do.
Adam asked me to teach him how to ski.
Where is Father?
I'm sorry that it happened like this.
Neither Oscar nor Anna has enough time to do that.
As incredible as it seems, he is a really strong guy.
Did he say that?
She likes reading better than anything else.
Is this sentence meant seriously? Of course not!
I can't fire them.
We need a new plan.
Charlie says Monica isn't happy.
Do you want a receipt?
William doesn't like to see people fighting.
George probably doesn't want to do that again.
Can I count on her?
I can't live without her.
Under the new law, husbands can take days off to care for their children.
Nobody was crying.
William is trying to find Valentina a place to live.
We haven't seen them.
I don't want you involved.
"You must not be thinking about that," said the grandmother; "we are much better off and happier than human beings."
Go and get me some milk.
Harry said that he doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Oliver said that he thought he shouldn't do that.
Joe knows that I don't often leave early.
Muhammad can be pretty convincing.
I'll make some coffee.
I know Joe doesn't know Valentina doesn't have to do that.
I knew there was a reason.
Something must be done.
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.
James doesn't think Eva will be frightened.
I didn't think Adam would come in this morning.
I've kind of gotten used to the weather.
I never thought George would want to do that.
Don't forget that Oliver doesn't understand French.
You don't even know how.
We never use them.
He's going from strength to strength.
Oscar doesn't really need to do that.
I'll have to talk to Jami about that.
I went to high school with Jack.
Charlie took shelter under the tree, hoping he wouldn't get too wet.
He was so intent on money-making that he had no time to think of anything else.
You know Tommy and Monica don't trust you.
Get me another doctor.
Oliver closed the door quietly.
I have the feeling that Harry doesn't know how to do that.
They say they're desperate.
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
I drank some orange juice.
I have not an enemy in the world, as far as I know, so why should anyone play me such a trick?
Charlie didn't have any fun.
Not less than 40 percent of students go on to university.
Muhammad really thought we didn't have to do that.
People see things differently according as they are rich or poor.
Carmen knew what she was doing was wrong, but she did it anyway.
It's quite eye-catching.
You walk quickly!
It seems that the computer was infected by a virus.
Jacob is deaf, but he knows how to read lips.
Were Harry and Mary not supposed to tell me that?
Don't do anything else until I get there.
You will harvest your wheat in July.
It began to rain as we came near the pass.
Tommy came along at just the right time.
This is the best gift I've ever gotten.
I've never seen one like that.
What do I care what he thinks?
I laughed.
I taught my girlfriend how to drive.
I can explain why I need it.
I'm not concerned with the details.
Nowadays many people travel by car.
This question is one of great importance.
Everyone got up to leave.
It's not necessary to bring a gift.
Tommy and Mary can swim, can't they?
May I turn on the radio?
Jacob is looking for his shoes.
Do you like basketball?
We should give Adam some time by himself.
I know this is difficult to accept.
Why would I care where Muhammad and Monica are?
What do you know about Monica's boyfriend?
Muhammad, I want you to know that you're not alone.
Maybe we should help them.
Why did you give yourself up?
Charlie is in there with Susie and John.
I wonder whether Muhammad really wanted us to be here.
I couldn't have done that alone.
Oscar finally got back on track.
George said that Monica was certain that he had to do that.
We're going to die.
Adam may have to cancel the picnic.
You didn't see anything.
I never had the chance to talk with James.
I'll check back.
He lived next to his uncle.
He told me the same thing.
Jack has been giving Margaret money.
Jack is being very brave, isn't he?
It's illegal to do that here.
We're not going to do this anymore.
I think you'll appreciate it.
Can you tell us what possessed you to do that?
Adam wasn't surprised, but Monica was.
Muhammad and Anna admitted that they'd been drinking.
James realized we needed to do that.
Oscar and Monica may get injured if they do that.
Nobody wants to mention my country.
Harry put off going to Australia.
Jack bought a ticket for Susie.
I had a great time here.
He found his key under the sofa.
I can't eat pork.
Charlie and Anna didn't do that because they didn't want to.
I want to speak with her.
Jami could have been lonely, but even if he was, he wouldn't have told us.
George didn't know that Valentina wanted to do that with him.
They told me that they were prepared.
When did you last look someone in the eyes?
The rain is starting to let up.
Is it true that it's easy to get laid in Japan?
Oliver doesn't seem particularly interested in Margaret.
Let's take a short rest here. My legs are tired and I can't walk any more.
Tommy bent down and picked something up.
Oliver and Emma are unusual.
I try to get up at six.
If you want to include other information, please let us know.
Charlie said he thought that Valentina was married.
I know that Oliver knows Anna's not supposed to be doing that.
Music is her passion.
I suggest we go outside and see what's happening.
Jami was the only one not laughing.
I thought Oscar was supposed to be here for three weeks.
Take it as it comes.
Tommy is very familiar with the system.
Unfortunately, I'm too busy right now.
You'll have to talk to Tommy about that.
I met Joe in Boston last year.
She spoke above her breath.
I didn't want to surprise you.
I slept for the rest of the day.
I can't work with them.
I will finish it by the time he comes back.
May I use the bathroom?
William didn't see it that way.
They gave a big party for me.
I'd like to know who took those pictures.
The clerk didn't take much trouble over the work.
He began to study with a will.
Jacob and Lucy said they'd buy that for you.
I want to know what you're doing.
Alex was finally able to do that.
We've got to take off.
Everyone sit down.
How many times will you have to go to the dentist?
How long have you already spent in Boston?
You had a good weekend, didn't you?
William told me that he doesn't know what to do.
It would be impossible to do that by yourself.
It proved to be effective.
Oliver wasn't the one who told Lucy she didn't have do that.
Oliver passed away yesterday.
Jami was unable to help me.
Joe and Lucy said they understood French.
It doesn't make him happy.
Jami let the air out of Olivia's tires.
What did you want me to do?
Tommy wasn't killed in the explosion.
How did you manage to escape?
Why don't you ask for a pay raise?
Both Muhammad and Laur know what you're doing.
Don't talk to anyone.
Were you crying?
For my breakfast today: fried egg on toast with cheese.
Both William and Valentina can't drive.
Charlie likes to do that with Alice.
I'll be glad to make you happy!
He's supposed to be dead.
James was curious, but Mary wasn't.
I've learned a lot with her over the years.
They are human.
He is the man I saw yesterday.
Who are the most important people in your life?
James doesn't know that you're here, does he?
I'm pretty sure that Muhammad won't buy that car he was looking at yesterday.
He said he noticed the same thing.
We still have some work to do.
Tommy wanted to own a restaurant.
Oscar and Olivia did more than their share.
The only person who could have done this is Jack.
Oliver is Margaret's youngest son, isn't he?
Jami drowned in the river.
I'm not coming back for a while.
Tommy is lucky to be here.
Everyone, out of the water!
Harry and Anna didn't tell me they were married.
Have you read any of Jami's stories?
We are all alone.
Jack doesn't have many photos of himself as a baby.
Muhammad has a funny way of laughing.
Straighten up.
He's just evil.
Adam was in a great hurry.
I know that I can do that if you help me.
I needed to eat.
Margaret said she didn't ever want to do that again.
I'd like to have a girl the first time. Look, they say 'First a girl, then a boy' don't they?
It was very cold last night.
All I want is some breakfast.
Please buy me something to eat.
You didn't buy that, did you?
I want you to be an Einstein.
No one was in the lobby.
They couldn't believe their ears.
Someone is calling for help.
In the morning I usually drink coffee, in the evening I drink tea.
Harry's dad is a university professor.
I no longer need your help.
It is how it is.
It's a matter of vital importance.
Did you know Jami is good at speaking French?
Tommy wanted to adopt you.
And then everyone started singing.
I thought I could deal with it.
Alex usually gets home before dark.
Alex was always happy.
It isn't necessary to do that again.
Tommy will turn thirty in October.
Thanks for the fruit.
Don't forget that all of us are in the same boat.
Jacob bought a pair of work gloves.
You are such a boring person.
Let's play another game.
It takes patience.
Oscar is popular with both students and teachers.
Do you know how much of a loss it was?
Take your hands off James.
She had an individual style of speaking.
What made you think we could trust Charlie?
I think everything here is under control.
Oliver picked the magazine up.
I've been in this situation before.
Nobody invited Joe, but he came anyway.
He's extremely romantic.
Who will believe us now?
Charlie and I lost touch after we graduated.
She didn't deserve to lose her job.
Joe said he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
There is a hole in his sock.
Harry told me that he was lonely.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
You're so tense.
I'm meeting Joe for lunch.
We're coming to pick her up.
He might do that by himself.
A toilet is made for taking shit, not for smoking!
Is it really true that George wants me to do that?
Why is everyone crying?
What are Joe and Anna scared of?
Alex and Alice don't want to see the same movie.
Harry wasn't the one who told Monica not to do that.
Jack hasn't been told not to do that yet.
I hope everyone has a great time.
She did not agree to the proposal.
Alex doesn't seem to have noticed.
The American boy spoke broken Japanese.
Joe spent the rest of his life in Boston.
William said that he wanted something cold to drink.
Why would someone kill Oliver?
I hope you've enjoyed yourselves.
Did you remember to turn off the gas?
I would've gone with you if you'd invited me.
Could this help?
Suddenly I hit on a happy idea.
Emma realized there was nothing she could do to help.
It will have been raining for a week by tomorrow.
I am out of work.
A bear will not touch a corpse.
Joe made it clear that he didn't like Margaret.
I doubt if I'll get a chance to do that.
You won't find anyone who'll do that for you.
Nobody knows Harry as well as I know him.
Can you tell me where Jami and Mary live?
Harry shouldn't be allowed to compete.
He runs well for his age.
This old man is gray.
Why didn't you want to go to Australia?
Charlie did something bad again.
He has money, but he's not happy.
We'll certainly try.
They said they like teaching French.
I wonder whether or not Jacob is impressed.
I recommend you to go by train.
Nobody saw Alex leave the room.
Harry wanted to do that last week.
Muhammad didn't seem to know we were all going to Boston next week.
I don't think Joe and Carmen know exactly how much it'll cost.
Jacob sat next to me in church.
Alex said that he sold Lucy his car.
I believe that everything will be fine.
I didn't like Boston at all.
I do everything by hand.
Remember not to tell anyone.
That would take too long.
I also like cake.
I knew Alex would volunteer.
I do that about three hours every day.
What kind of books do William and Emma like to read?
Alex said that he wanted something else to eat.
Why don't you open it?
I can't lie to Alex again.
Susie isn't doing that the way she was told to.
Did you know that Tommy could speak French?
Harry announced that he wasn't going to do that.
Close your eyes when you listen to music!
He said he'd been busy.
You noticed it, too, didn't you?
He carried his son on his back.
At least six hundred men died in action.
Charlie didn't come into work yesterday.
George said that he shouldn't do that.
Jacob doesn't know either Carmen or her sister.
Susie gave Muhammad a pipe for his birthday.
Eva was the first one who said she'd like to do that.
James said that he didn't think that he ought to do that.
Jami is still a bartender.
I've got the habit to cook for myself.
James said that he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistake he did.
You should be more careful how you talk to people.
Jami has already finished his homework.
We won't come to Boston next week.
James is taking a walk in the park.
Are you and Muhammad both from Australia?
They said they'd been offered $3,000.
I went on sleeping because the alarm didn't go off.
I don't want Joe to know what we did.
Adam died shortly afterwards.
William said you wanted me to come here.
Keep working.
I don't think that Alex needed to do that outside.
Maybe I can fix it.
I assume you know what this is about.
I am not used to hard work.
Where's my husband?
I thought the festival was over.
George told Carmen that he didn't have anything to do.
I don't mind if you use my desk.
William and Eva are always blaming themselves.
These people were very lucky.
I'll wait up for her.
Charlie gave me the key and I still have it.
I wonder what made Oliver think Catherine didn't need to do that?
The mere sight of blood makes him faint.
There are people who prefer standing room in first class to a seat in second class.
We need to work together in order to make the world a better place.
I don't think that I've slept enough.
I haven't seen her since I was a child.
William said he hoped he wasn't going to get fired.
I'll get us some drinks.
There was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday.
Maybe we should tell them.
Jacob listened to what Olivia was saying.
Julia said she felt fantastic.
I saw her yesterday.
It was a bright and clear Sunday morning.
I'm sitting here with Oliver.
I share his opinion.
Is Muhammad outside?
She said 'I love you' to me.
You're patient, aren't you?
She has no more pain.
Jack often plays baseball with other boys in his neighborhood.
I know you don't want to be here.
I don't think you need to tell Oliver why you have to do that.
All Jack needed was money.
I started learning French three years ago.
What we need now is a break.
We only have three options.
You must allow for his youth.
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
This problem seems difficult.
I don't think that James and Margaret were in Boston last week.
Stay and watch.
I saw Alex standing there all by himself.
I remained standing.
Many paintings hang in the shop.
Do you think Alex is ready for this?
I am seeking a person who can write a personal computer manual.
If my brother hadn't helped me, I would have drowned.
James hit me back.
Stop watching TV and start studying.
George said it wouldn't be difficult to do that.
I want to watch the film.
I'd think you'd understand what that means.
Just don't tell anybody.
We are going to leave tomorrow.
Can I hug you?
She came to Japan as a child.
I know that Jack knows that I want to do that.
I had to stop a few times.
Adam needs to let off some steam.
He decided not to use much energy in his daily life.
I remember it!
I'm so embarrassed, I want to die.
I'm going to do everything you've asked me to do.
He is too proud to ask others any question.
How many hours is the flight?
Where is my dad?
Joe helped Julia move the sofa to other side of the room.
I know that you don't trust us.
He's an Asian-American.
James said that he thought Alice might need to do that again.
Who doesn't know such a common saying?
She's apples.
I think this is a great idea.
Let's play twenty questions.
We know God's plan was different.
Most people won't tell you what they really think.
I'll look it over after I come back.
I miss you so much!
Oscar is out hunting.
Jacob is looking for help.
Madrid is the capital of Spain and its most important city.
I couldn't contain my excitement.
Tommy didn't bother to respond.
"123456" is a frequently-used password.
My e-mail address will be changed effective Aug. 1 as follows.
Don't expect me to lose any sleep over it.
I had some problems dealing with Alex.
Everyone is looking forward to next year.
He did serious effort, in order to pass an examination.
Their traces can still be found.
I think Adam and Anna are sleeping.
He's quite able at his job.
I think that Joe went to Boston last week.
It's nothing compared to what he did.
To my regret, my father could not recover from his long illness.
I might be in Boston all next week.
It wasn't much of a storm.
I think Oscar is distracted.
It's bad manners to do that.
They said that they're jealous.
I'm still learning to do that.
Jacob said that he thought that Margaret wasn't in Australia.
Your hair is different today.
Come here this minute.
No one cares about that anymore.
Tell Jacob that Emma wants to see him.
I need to go get some money out of the bank.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what she is after.
You're jealous, aren't you?
I don't want to leave early.
I came to hear you speak.
Jacob and Emma adopted a girl from China.
He always spends his money freely.
If you want me to play the piano, I'll play the piano.
I don't know why Charlie and Valentina are afraid of me.
I saw him go inside.
You knew James didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
I'm a different man.
They told me that they were sleepy.
Muhammad had a long day.
Muhammad and Lucy weren't having a very good time.
I wasn't alone then.
She's an alcoholic.
George said that Eva thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
I'll help you, on one condition.
Oliver will get another chance.
You should be sleeping.
James couldn't do what needed to be done.
Do you wear glasses?
Jami should've been in contact by now.
You have at least three options.
I think that George can swim fairly well.
Anna almost wished she'd never met Tommy.
Jack is working too hard.
Do you know anyone here?
Maybe I should check on her.
We'd never do anything to hurt you.
I carried one.
Adam has had enough of Carmen's complaints.
He looks like he's conscious.
I will never change my mind.
I assume after work you're going home right away.
I waited for Jami till it got dark.
Jami and Laur said that they'd do that soon.
Leave Oscar alone.
You don't sound confident.
The only thing Tommy and Margaret ever do is complain.
Charlie said that Alice is in the hospital.
Jack thinks Anna will be interested.
Carmen never got out of her car.
You have a son named Alex, don't you?
Compare the translation with the original.
I don't think that Harry knows why Eva is scared.
Jack looked like he wasn't in a hurry to get home.
Close that door.
Does any of that sound bad?
Who do you like to spend weekends with?
That's so tragic.
They've put the value of the estate at three hundred thousand dollars.
You should have stayed away.
You know I don't often do that, don't you?
I might get back home today.
That's probably a new record.
I haven't seen William in three days.
Adam and Valentina said that they might be able to help.
Many people spend more than they earn.
I know both Alex and Susie have to leave.
Are you from a planet on which only women live?
Who would do something like that?
We named the dog White.
I never really understood what happened.
The problem is worse.
Tommy and Valentina said they had no money.
The sentence was short.
He says that he won't cry.
She was in time for the bus.
I think Jami is probably older than you think he is.
This water is safe to drink.
Jacob is on board the ship.
Charlie wanted to be the last one to do that.
I must find her.
Why don't we all go to Boston together?
He closed his eyes and made a wish.
Is it possible to drink salt water?
The mass used to be said in Latin.
Tommy has just been given another chance.
I knew you wouldn't accept Alex's invitation.
We'll have to make do with what we have.
I knew that I was going to be late.
At this second lie, his nose grew a few more inches.
James told Valentina that he didn't think John was asleep.
I know George knew Alice had never done that.
I know Adam doesn't know exactly how to do that.
Big Brother is watching you.
Joe said that the passengers' injuries were minor.
Jami and Laur know that they've done something bad.
Oliver and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that here.
I haven't seen you in such a long time.
I don't know whether Adam will come tomorrow or not.
She's so young.
I didn't think you'd dance.
At the same time, he began to run.
Oliver isn't the one who showed Margaret how to do that.
I can't stay in bed for the entire pregnancy.
You have very steady hands.
Ask your question.
I hear you don't have to go to Australia.
I'm never going to be able to do this without your help.
It's not you I hate.
Monica said she was all worn out.
Apparently, Jacob is still alive.
I gave Muhammad a bribe.
Tell me right now who that was and what they were looking for!
She is very sad.
I just can't figure them out.
Hopefully they don't delay my flight like the others.
You should keep your promises.
Harry doesn't think we can trust Julia as much as we used to.
If you could tell me when George will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick him up.
It's not that difficult.
Do you need to go?
People like Harry.
You aren't supposed to be doing that.
Muhammad says there isn't time to do that.
He succeeded in business.
Harry told me you were the one to talk to.
He admitted he wasn't perfect.
Oliver didn't want to tell Eva how to do that.
I cannot correct this sentence. I don't know Polish.
He feels hurt.
This train is bound for New York.
James and Lucy said that they couldn't believe anyone.
What colour do you like?
She sucks up to the teacher.
I can't get you out of my head.
He just left, but he'll be back.
The ship was at the mercy of the wind and the waves.
I don't have to know why.
You're free to go, of course.
I know where I'm going next.
We have not received a letter from him so far.
Oliver told me that he didn't eat meat.
Adam gave me some good advice.
Alex soon realized Carmen wasn't joking.
She told me she was pleased.
What about having fish for dinner?
I don't feel like walking.
Was it you who told James and Catherine they shouldn't do that?
Dan forgot himself and told the truth.
I can't give any more of an answer than that.
Don't say that about her. She's my girlfriend.
Does Oscar have children?
She has made her choice.
Different people went to different places in America.
Revenge is a confession of pain.
It took a long time for her to write the report.
How do I get to ...?
I think something horrible is about to happen.
Anna said she hopes Tommy will help her.
Muhammad is a young student.
I haven't spoken to Tommy since I left Boston.
How often do you hear that?
Her dream has come true.
It's a fact.
Harry will definitely help me do that.
I saw land in the distance.
Oscar isn't smart enough to win.
She thrilled at the thought that she would meet the famous singer.
I know Charlie is used to be a basketball coach.
We'd better wash up.
How many bottles of beer should we buy?
I hate it when she sucks her teeth.
I understand the situation.
When will your father arrive?
Muhammad'll manage.
I can't hear Harry.
If you find money on the street, you should take it to your local police department.
It's been raining for almost a week.
Jami said that he thought that Carmen would be able to help him.
It's clear that it's so.
William said he wished that he hadn't done that.
This is it. It's over!
When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself.
He's staying with his uncle.
Let's hope you haven't made a mistake.
She is not beautiful.
I'm not as rich as you think I am.
William wanted a fresh start.
I think it's a very good deal.
Let me explain myself.
James doesn't want to eat at that restaurant.
He's dead. It's official.
We wanted to do it right away.
I'll take it all.
He didn't offer thanks for the good harvest.
Something is obviously not right with Harry.
How much more weight do you want to lose?
It's difficult to please Oscar.
An offer like that is not to be refused.
Oscar is pretty skinny, isn't he?
Adam told me to meet him at the restaurant next to the hotel.
Charlie and Carmen wouldn't tell John why they did that.
I like the old car more than the new.
I still go out with her.
Tell us what we're doing wrong.
This young person's hair is blue.
Are you sure we're talking about the same person?
Don't stick your fingers behind the door. I might crush them when I close it.
I think it looks cool.
Oliver's grandfather died last Monday.
Oliver said that he was going to go yesterday.
Alex said that he thought Carmen was afraid.
I might vote for him.
She said that she's been here before.
I have mentioned it to you before.
Because of the storm, we couldn't search for the lost child.
I took time off from work and went to the hospital.
She admitted that she was terrified.
I'm not as good at French as you.
Do it again, the same as last time.
I asked Joe if he wanted to do that.
The matter should be tried in public.
She is terrified of her father.
If George had more money, he wouldn't work.
What are you offering?
I made this for you.
I have to study tonight.
It could get embarrassing.
That is nice.
I suspect that James is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I'm on a hockey team.
This is the best season for doing that.
Now, come over here.
We haven't yet been informed of the committee's decision.
They said that they were really happy.
James has known Margaret since he was a little boy.
Tommy went out to look for something to eat.
Muhammad lives a long way from here.
Alice has always had a bit of a temper.
For some reason, he wasn't able to be completely honest.
I don't understand why I need to do that.
New York City is known for its tall buildings.
Was that an invitation?
We're moving to Boston in a year.
I don't have a family yet.
He held the trophy on high.
It's hot in here, isn't it?
That white building is a morgue.
I'm going to call him right now.
This could all be for nothing.
It's not my problem. It's Jacob's.
I don't think that Adam will be doing that anytime soon.
Stay down!
I think that Joe will do that later.
Why won't anyone eat my potatoes?
We all want changes.
You are watching TV all the time.
Muhammad isn't going to hang out with us today.
I thought that Muhammad might not want to go with us.
Jami thought I wanted him to help me do that.
I'll fill you in sometime.
I was told by my teacher to hand my homework by Friday.
Maybe Muhammad can explain what happened here.
Although there's little chance of success, let's try it.
Can you help me solve a mystery?
I didn't know Jacob and Alice were doctors.
I know that Harry isn't a very lucky guy.
James's birthday is in October and mine is in November.
I'm from Canada.
Tommy made friends with everybody he met.
Tommy is boring the pants off us.
I promise you that it won't last long.
Tommy asked me what I thought he should do.
Just like the Earth, half of the Moon is lit by the Sun while the other half is in darkness.
We have supper at six every evening.
Everyone agreed to a certain extent.
Such is the custom of the people here.
I wonder why Adam and Mary are so dirty.
Harry is going to tell you the same thing I did.
That seems weird to me.
About how many books did you read last year?
They were absolutely sure of themselves.
Stop playing the fool.
We have to address that problem.
I wanted to scream.
It's a great opportunity for Joe.
You can't run from the past.
I don't think Harry will be coming to Australia with me.
Does Tommy know what Margaret is going to do next year?
I stayed at home because I have got flu.
Adam isn't religious.
Did you say 30?
I told William to do whatever he wants.
That really does happen sometimes.
Why don't you trust us?
Alex said he's really glad that he moved to Australia.
Three people can keep a secret so long as two of them are dead.
She asked for divorce because she's always beaten.
I don't think Joe and Catherine have ever gone swimming together.
Muhammad likes to watch baseball on TV.
Harry almost died when he was in Australia.
Take your dog away.
It seems you have a different opinion.
Harry asked me to pass him the salt and pepper.
It'll take longer than ten minutes.
He said he could come get it.
Let's do only one thing at a time.
That dog is so stupid.
Jacob is much more dangerous than we thought.
I cooked supper last night.
Because of you, everything went to pot.
I want to use this.
Muhammad won't be allowed to do that.
I don't know why I even thought you might consider helping.
Would you leave your wife for me?
I know it's wrong to do that, but I'll do is anyway.
I'll come back the evening after next.
Don't expect everyone to share that opinion.
This forest is quiet and peaceful.
He said he didn't smoke anymore.
Please fill this bucket with water.
Did Oliver really want to do that?
Oscar and Julia were told that they need to do that.
Do you think Oscar was able to do that?
I will introduce you to my parents.
I know that Joe is a good friend of Emma's.
I don't think I'll kiss Jacob anymore.
Muhammad said Lucy was likely to still be nervous.
He wants to be a scientist in the future.
She says she doesn't have a lawyer.
Tommy thought he wouldn't be able to do that for me.
They were moving.
The question is how to say no without making Jacob mad.
I can't ever be what you were.
Keep to the speed limits!
Adam said he might cry.
I've been out of the office for the past three days.
Now, let's eat.
We have to go back for him.
The ending wasn't a surprise.
You ought to tell Jacob that you aren't planning on doing that.
They voted Muhammad out.
Bite me.
Please give me some advice on what I should do.
Oscar is a typical teenager.
They said that they didn't enjoy doing that.
Did you learn a lot?
You may act as you wish.
Muhammad said that he doesn't think Catherine had to do that.
Jami said the report was false.
Is there any hope that Jack will come?
Don't go anywhere alone, OK?
I thought I did something to make you upset.
That's a problem you have to handle by yourself.
Oliver would do that whenever he could.
What day is tomorrow?
Don't let her down now.
Everyone is staring at us.
We're not finished.
I think William might actually want someone to kill him.
Tell us what happened to her.
Have you called the boss already?
You have my permission to try.
Do you think that George is still busy?
Do not yell into my ear.
While I was waiting for the bus, I saw a traffic accident.
The Indian girl in the film isn't a professional actress.
Please don't touch me.
What did Harry bury?
Your wife has seen the need to look for work.
You're a good soldier.
I didn't think that Jacob really planned to do that.
Jami asked Olivia to help us.
Did you tell everybody all about me?
What a wonderful gift!
James gave Lucy what little money he had.
You sing a lot better than I do.
That's what we've got to figure out.
Julia may eat as much as she wants.
Jami let Julia speak.
They blamed everybody except themselves.
Tommy regrets that he couldn't do that.
William's wife left him.
I'm surprised that Oliver and Monica don't know how to speak French.
Do you know what Oliver and Catherine are talking about?
I wonder which one I should choose.
Adam wants us working.
They arrived just in time for the last train.
I'm not mad at George.
Did you spend the night here?
It's true that she knows a lot about cooking, but she isn't a good cook.
He has no interest whatsoever in money.
Your room is very big.
I know that you won't be busy all day tomorrow.
Let's go to Australia together.
I didn't know Muhammad had a cat.
I wish I could've stuck around for a few more hours.
I don't think we can do that by 2:30.
We both have the same favorite colors.
They said that they want to talk to you.
I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep on the bus.
Let's be more careful this time.
Why don't we drop over to see her?
George would have missed the train if he had stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
I just wanted to hear your voice.
Oscar and his friends sat on the beach and watched the boys swimming.
You were the only one who could have helped us.
George checked his pants pockets.
You must not live beyond your means.
I have a pain in the shoulder.
James is going to be fired, isn't he?
Jack and Olivia said that they thought it would be possible to do that.
Do you want to go run around the track with me?
He said he wants to be a mechanic.
I'll be late to work.
They are in great condition.
I cannot whistle.
All mountains are not green.
I hope Harry doesn't tell Carmen what we did.
I think Oliver will probably be able to do that.
The shoes are the same size.
I thought that Tommy would tell Eva how to do that.
George can't just do whatever he wants.
I only saw him once.
He soon left the new job.
I'm pleased with the result.
I'll see you at nine tomorrow morning.
Jami is determined to find out why that happened.
I wake up with difficulty.
I didn't know that Harry knew why we couldn't do that for him.
Anna said she didn't know Joe wasn't able to do that.
This is an easy sentence.
George was a drug addict.
How has Charlie changed?
Adam is in a coma, but he's stable.
Carmen wouldn't allow William to kiss her.
I want to give you my heart for ever.
I've waited for three hours already.
Alex isn't likely to let you do that.
Charlie said that it's not going to end well.
I'll clean up the house before my parents come.
He was surprised at the sight of blood.
He was engaged in medical research.
I'll soon give you an address where to send it.
I can't help but think we're doing this wrong.
Carmen said it was more harder than she expected.
Julia didn't want anybody to find out about her and Alex.
Where did you get all that money from?
Joe says he thinks he should do that.
I love candy.
I got some good second-hand books today.
Jack would make a good dad.
Tommy knew it was time to leave.
This lesson is cancelled tomorrow.
I think that William will be frightened.
Valentina was lucky we were here to help her.
If you didn't know, now you know.
I translate only articles, not books.
Jack isn't going to let Carmen get to him.
Alex isn't supposed to be sleeping.
I really want to know why William didn't do that.
Shall we start studying?
You don't have to do that, do you?
This might not be a very good idea.
I don't think Oscar wants to go to Australia with me.
Muhammad locked himself in the closet.
I cannot swear at a policeman.
The hotel burned down.
Can you remember the first time you saw Jacob?
I thought you could use this.
How much longer do I need to do this?
They've lost their touch.
He is twice as old as I.
The sun is already up.
I can't tell you how unhappy that makes me.
Muhammad and Margaret have already left Boston.
He's always joking.
Oliver admitted he was desperate.
What do we tell her?
Honour the face of the old man.
My world is your world too.
Kill me with words!
Charlie and Eva are on a very tight schedule.
George has been like this for a very long time.
The next day I came back, and I had a new waitress.
Tommy told me that he's grateful for all our help.
You yourself have to finish it.
He was put to death finally.
I think that you shouldn't have done that by yourselves.
You'd better be careful what you say.
George admitted that he didn't know how to do it.
You have a very nice family.
What I'm about to say will answer your question.
Hope isn't a strategy.
It's a military club.
Monica isn't still doing that, is she?
We will be best friends forever.
I gave him a set of keys.
Valentina says that doesn't matter to her.
Jack has found a solution to that problem.
Jami said he thought Valentina would prefer red wine.
How soon can we get away from here?
Harry and Carmen knew that they wouldn't be able to pass the test.
Do you think Jack and Emma are ready to do that?
What is it that having one voice becomes four-legged and two-legged and three-legged?
Adam will probably be objective.
What time will you arrive tomorrow?
He'll be a good doctor.
I removed one.
I didn't need to do that, but I wanted to.
Get ready quickly.
I sure am cold.
He went over the house.
I thought that you would do that.
Tommy seemed aggressive.
My birthday was yesterday.
I've already told Harry not to do that anymore.
It's a good movie.
I don't want to fight with you.
Do I smell cookies?
What country were you born in?
Where did she buy that cap?
They closed the doors.
I tried to write with the left hand.
Jami went in there.
She can't make her own decisions.
Muhammad knows what's happening.
I want to find out what Alex did yesterday.
Is there something we can do?
I'm sure Adam is grateful for your support.
Take a picture of me.
Muhammad looked around to see if he was being followed.
It was absolutely brilliant.
Do you still think that's all I have to do?
How is he getting along with his school work?
Not having received a reply, he wrote to her again.
Who was with you?
May I ask you a favor?
They spoke quietly.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.
Don't you want to eat?
He can't make a decision.
Emma said she likes this time of year.
James and Alice seem to be having trouble making up their minds.
You should be packing your suitcase right now.
Charlie knows that something's going on.
I am either going to see a film, or going to see an opera.
I thought the nightmare was over.
Neither Oliver nor Olivia is likely to do that.
Jami is going to get back from Boston on Monday.
Has something else happened?
He asks for your opinion.
I feel that I should help you.
I wanted to become a doctor.
Alice should probably tell Harry why she had to do that.
Joe says that he doesn't usually wear underwear.
What kind of a sick joke is this?
This is a portrait of my late father.
It was raining today. What'll it be like tomorrow?
There's something I need to give you.
William couldn't close the door.
These flowers bloom in the spring.
I'll take my chances with him.
Oscar should have told Anna that she needed to do that.
If you want just to get some points, play a game.
We have nothing in common.
Muhammad did a lot more than that.
Get down from there.
That sick person's life is in danger.
There is no time like the present.
Do you want Alex to go to Australia?
Alex could quit if he wanted to.
We planned a party for them.
My watch runs too fast.
The ship stopped a little way off the shore.
I understand the problem.
Carmen has said she should do that.
You know you need do that, don't you?
Adam called his parents to let them know that he was in the hospital
Joe is mistaken, isn't he?
Why do William and Monica cry so much?
I went to the dance with Valentina.
Aren't you getting a divorce?
She gave me a beautiful clock, but I lost it.
Could you give me a card with this hotel's address?
Why are you protecting him?
Oliver will have to do that.
It was very cold.
Margaret is going to be in her office all morning.
That may not happen.
A dog bit her leg.
Let's give Alex the benefit of the doubt.
We have to look at the results.
Check out the woman over there!
Do you think Harry would likely do that for us?
What'll it cost you?
Get out! You can't play here.
Jacob and I'll come together.
Do you know what's going to happen to Alex?
I have a wife and kids.
I owe a lot to my coach.
I've told you a million times.
He said he won't sing tonight.
George and Eva said that they'd like to see more.
That is all.
They look like they're upset.
Muhammad asked Julia why she thought that wasn't a good idea.
He carried a knife or something similar.
It's easier to teach children than adults.
I've been patient all week.
Nobody wants Jami.
Whatever words you have, just say them.
I didn't poison Joe.
Jack was surprised I couldn't do that.
Today I received a splendid news.
I think it's good for you to read this book.
Mary is coming next Monday, isn't she?
I'd like bread and butter, please.
What a big dog it is!
Jami doesn't need to tell me what to do. I already know.
The cook is sitting in the kitchen.
Maybe Adam can go to Boston.
James deserved the prize.
She looked at the sky.
A funny thing happened to me today!
Of course, you may.
Don't turn the light off.
I think she's looking at you.
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
I should be out of the hospital by next Monday.
Margaret's husband is a lot older than she is.
They say that they're not thirsty.
Charlie wasn't my client.
I wish Oscar would do that for us.
I didn't know that you could do that by yourselves.
He is willing to stand by you.
Tommy is likely to be retired by now.
Do you have a gift shop here?
Tommy said he'd expected Lucy to do that on Monday.
When did you read this book?
Once in a while he tells strange things.
I like a lot the sound and rhythm of your translation.
How big is the company?
She beat the shit out of me with a baseball bat.
If only he would marry me.
They took their keys out of their pockets.
A majority of the people here can do that.
I should have gone to the dentist last week.
I'm sure Adam won't be organized.
You think you're better than me, don't you?
They offered their sincere apologies.
You aren't suggesting Jami did that, are you?
Jacob didn't argue with me.
I am reading the label.
Did you invite him to dinner?
I'm sleepy, so I'm leaving now.
I saw Muhammad in the hall.
Your way of doing things will have an effect on your future.
Is it hot over there?
I thought that I did that well.
This gift is from Jack.
Joe said that he thought Eva wouldn't be scared.
You should have said yes.
The shock was terrible.
I haven't read today's paper yet.
You're not the only one!
Neither Harry nor Carmen has denied cheating.
Isn't it a wonderful morning? The world looks like something God had just imagined for His own pleasure.
I don't know why Oscar doesn't want me to help him.
Don't let them escape!
You've got to carry a gun in this area.
It's on the ground floor.
I don't think Muhammad knows anything about Australia.
What shall we do afterwards?
She told me that she had a problem.
They told me they'd do it.
There is a knife missing.
Perhaps you'd better drive.
I didn't think Jack and Anna were difficult to get along with.
There's a lot of familiar words.
William came to see me three days ago.
My grandfather was a justice of the peace.
Jacob never hurt anybody.
That's a bit of a problem.
He's losing his balance.
Adam will need medical attention.
It's all delicious!
I usually take a shower first thing in the morning.
I can't believe you'd be so stupid.
Oscar said that I should ask Valentina to eat dinner with us.
What's your favorite way to travel?
Keep dancing.
Adam said that he's really glad he moved to Boston.
This key won't go in the lock.
I knew that it wasn't true.
I'm not young like her.
I never did!
I was shocked by the price.
Oscar couldn't afford to do that.
William is going to paint his car.
We were able to do that.
What did Susie say she lost?
Oscar immediately reported the theft.
You must behave yourself like a man.
I like Oliver too.
Repeat it, please.
Muhammad has been to Australia before.
"What if I miss the deadline?" "I bet he will get mad at you!"
I'll give it to her.
I thought you were a man.
Learn this lesson by heart.
That's so cool!
This was a gift from Adam.
She was within an ace of saying "I don't know".
Alex said that Anna was wrong.
Oliver and Mary have been very unlucky, haven't they?
I like the color violet.
William is already retired.
I've been arrested before.
Muhammad traveled under an assumed name.
They looked away.
The bus was full of young children.
I don't like studying.
I'm surprised that you didn't know William used to live in Boston.
Charlie's house has a hidden room.
I don't think that that's a factor.
George isn't going to buy a camera.
How does the front door-lock work?
James and Valentina didn't want their pictures taken.
Adam and Carmen told me they knew who did that.
You'll regret this in the morning.
Susie's dress is too short.
Have you gone to places like Boston and Chicago?
You didn't know anyone there, did you?
I think one of us ought to talk to Oscar about this.
Jacob tried to avoid looking at Emma.
I want it done within the hour.
George was Carmen's first dance partner.
She doesn't look like she's lonely.
Did you know Jami wasn't having a good time?
Enough, I said.
If you allow your dog to go free in the park, you will receive a fine.
I know that Harry isn't a close friend of Anna's.
He says he's my friend, but then he totally hung me out to dry in that meeting!
Joe is doing a great job.
I didn't expect to sell my old guitar for so much money.
Almost all these apples are rotten.
I usually eat out.
You don't need to yell. I can hear you just fine.
That's my bike.
Can you help me organize my files before you leave?
Jami only waited a moment.
Margaret is sensible, isn't she?
I don't think that Jacob knows what it's like to be in love.
Jami is just going to need some time.
I don't drink and drive.
I just had my hair done.
It's the way it must be.
I'll pay you back as soon as I get paid.
You don't think that we should do that, do you?
Charlie and Lucy dated for about three months three years ago.
Who made this song popular?
Please stay a little longer.
Catherine said she may do that.
I have some questions I need to ask Adam.
I've met the perfect woman.
I saw him just this morning.
Alex and Susie don't really know how old John is.
I suspect Jack and Catherine went to Boston together.
Jacob and Mary told me they wanted to wait until October to do that.
Did you remember to buy candles?
It's a bunch of nonsense.
Is nobody else coming?
It's the last chance.
Oscar didn't know Margaret spoke French so well.
You've always known this would eventually happen.
George himself helped Mary.
I knew you'd never let him die.
He might not come.
Well, in this country you're not allowed to do that.
I know you from somewhere, don't I?
I just wish Joe didn't need to be alone.
I am looking for an apartment located on the second floor or higher.
Jami has been sleeping in his car.
Harry isn't worried about what might happen.
I don't believe in your religion.
Let's hope we never have to do that.
She said you hit her on the head.
Do we really have to go there?
I know that I can't be replaced.
The work has been almost completed.
I always thought Adam and Catherine would eventually get married.
I don't know if Charlie and Mary are good at chess or not.
They'll be really busy, won't they?
I'm not able to do that alone. You need to help me.
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
Tommy will be back within a week.
I didn't want to go to the dance with Oscar.
I have been studying for two hours.
Could you help us translate this text?
Jacob wondered how many times Eva was going to run around the track.
I am studying again.
The police is coming!
Jacob told me he thought that Emma would be here later.
I'm not blaming you.
He is just passing the blame onto others.
Oliver didn't deserve what happened to him.
What a sad movie it was!
The attorney has strong evidence that she is innocent.
Is there a telephone here?
Oliver knew he should've done that by himself.
I wrote a book about this.
It looks like Jami has missed your cooking.
Of course I'm going to the party.
I wonder why Charlie and Alice don't do that.
Is that what I was saying?
They were unfair with him.
The judge sentenced him to a fine.
I think we need to do that.
It's my turn to walk home.
Alex probably doesn't know that I hate him.
Jacob didn't react fast enough.
I'm always suspicious of men like him.
I don't ever want to go to Boston again.
The pain will go away.
They were quite beside themselves with joy.
I knew we should've tried to help Jack.
I suppose I could have waited longer.
You are my father.
This machine is out of order. Please try again later.
We're a real tight group.
It isn't often that Tommy does that.
The responsibility was in large part mine.
I've heard French is a difficult language to learn.
My laptop crashed.
Where did I park my car?
All I know is that something happened that scared the kids to death.
If and when he arrives I'll pay.
I'd be grateful to you if you did that for me.
Adam and Julia couldn't imagine themselves doing that.
Could you please pass the potatoes?
Alice didn't seem surprised when Joe told her he needed to do that.
Dan won't leave me alone.
It's been ten years since my grandfather died.
Anna is in her seat.
Have you been watching me?
Charlie knows everyone's waiting for him.
I thought you were good at math.
Why do Jacob and Susie hate me?
I don't have any family to support.
I'm sorry you drew the short straw on this.
Where's the remote control for the TV?
Whatever you wish on others, it will come to you as well.
Joe doesn't look angry.
Don't you want to know what I think?
Do you have the time?
He said he can't wait any longer.
There's still a chance that that going to happen.
She threatened to kill him.
She is a young student.
Muhammad and Julia said they didn't know when John was planning to go to Boston.
George said he doesn't think that Valentina really knows how to do that very well.
Muhammad never even tried to kiss me.
Oscar and Julia own the house up the street.
I'm anxious to see what happens.
I'm the one that has to do that.
I'm too old to have children now.
Oliver plans on doing that soon.
What made you ask that?
Carmen is feeling good about herself.
We have a lot of things to do.
That happens to us a lot.
Jacob and Valentina said they wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
How did you learn French?
If you start at once, you'll arrive by six o'clock.
Harry and Laur told everybody that they'd gotten divorced.
I have other matters on hand.
Please keep on working even when I'm not here.
Someone who knows English well must have written it.
We're going to find a way to do that, I'm sure.
They told me that they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
In our culture, we can't be married to two women at once.
You don't want us to do that anymore, do you?
I was at a movie theater.
Let me explain how this needs to be done.
For all his wealth, he is unhappy.
She is in a mood.
Muhammad does that so much better than Monica can.
Joe is quite good at his job.
That's not what you used to say.
I'll definitely keep my windows and doors locked.
"Father, why are you putting on clean clothes?" "Because I'm going to church."
I think learning French is a lot of fun.
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?
Charlie told his wife he had to work late.
To love our neighbors is our duty.
Jami doesn't understand why Anna got angry with him.
I didn't expect it.
It is as if we, not Brazil, won the game.
Jacob told me he wants to win.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
Adam said Lucy was going to do that for John.
She got him to do everything she wanted him to do.
I asked Anna where she'd gone.
People are getting scared.
How does Muhammad intend to fix this?
Don't swear!
What did George and Carmen name their baby?
Muhammad and Carmen fixed the car all by themselves.
Alex will be moving back to Australia.
They told me they were ready to do that.
You should really tell him.
I love roads.
What do you charge for lessons?
Do you think you can ride that horse?
You'd look pretty stupid if you did that.
Do you want to go to the zoo this afternoon?
I wasn't surprised when Oliver told Monica he didn't need to do that.
Joe told everybody he was retired.
Somebody told me that I shouldn't trust you.
I thought you didn't smoke.
Helen came to Japan last year.
Children are so vulnerable.
They said they weren't jealous.
I cried all morning.
I have a few questions for you.
I wish you success in your work.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Oliver was happy.
You two look like you're in love.
Harry admitted that he'd been naughty.
I don't think James is impressed.
Their hobby is fishing.
I don't think that Charlie really wanted to do that.
We tend to eat more when more food is available.
When she looked, the men were building the way.
Charlie put the card in the wrong way.
They help anybody that asks them.
Who wants to take this home?
You've got to come with me.
Joe knew that Olivia was going to be late.
What I really want to do is to ask Julia for a divorce.
I told you I'm not ready.
If you used the time you spent complaining practicing your basketball, then maybe you would have stopped complaining a long time ago.
James said he won't be in Boston next week.
Nothing's happening down there.
George and Emma are both hoping nothing bad happens.
He is a very good speaker of English.
You don't know how bad I want to see you.
I've heard this story scores of times.
If you make a promise, you should keep it.
I think I've figured out a better way to do that.
I knew that Oscar had already done that.
I saw you spying on him.
I don't want to hear anything more about Harry.
My office is on the third floor.
I know that Alex knows that we don't how to do that.
Didn't you hear me call?
It's absolutely marvelous.
Was Alex asking for a raise?
Laur thinks that she's ready.
Alex and Monica said they needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
I can't wait that long.
What am I going to find in here?
We're going to need a little more time.
I'm going to look for Alex now.
Alex is doing a wonderful job here.
I know that Tommy is a bad student.
It is said that he is sick.
She passed out on the floor.
The doctor told Mary that she should try to get more sleep.
I talked to your doctor. He told me that you needed to stay in bed for at least a week.
If that guitar weren't so expensive, I could buy it.
I think George may stay in Australia for another month.
This should be corrected.
How about a play date next Sunday?
"I'll do it tomorrow." "You said that yesterday!"
Tennis, my favorite sport, has brought me a lot of friends.
Jack ended up in Boston.
James doesn't want to get married.
Muhammad and Laur said that they weren't working in Boston anymore.
I know that you're tired.
I definitely won't agree to do that.
Not this time.
I passed by your house about 10 last night.
I didn't know that George wanted to do that again.
May I kiss you goodnight?
Harry never realized what was happening.
Frankly, I didn't have the confidence to ask Anna to have lunch with me.
Harry told me you need help.
Why didn't you try calling me?
I'm not sure James will be able do that.
Muhammad told me that he's cold.
I've decided to fire Harry.
Alex told me he thought Valentina was new.
George thought it would be fun to go sailing.
It's time for lunch.
I hope to have that sort of opportunity again.
I play tennis after school.
Oliver said that he was going to leave tomorrow morning.
I am very pleased with the second part of the video.
I'm sorry I kissed Alice.
Nobody knew where those kids came from, but nobody wanted to receive them for fear of their disease.
Tommy and Olivia are one of the most famous celebrity couples in the world.
There were some who didn't see the joke.
Jacob wanted to sit down.
They live here all by themselves.
I wonder what Oliver will tell us.
William said it was time to start thinking about what we need to buy.
She hates rules.
I don't remember what my grandfather looked like.
Can you blame Harry?
A good doctor follows his own directions.
Carmen said that she wouldn't mind helping us tomorrow.
Why does Charlie hate me?
I doubt that I could help you with that.
I wish Adam would visit more often.
I said he could go.
James had a great weekend.
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.
She has said she should do that.
I was embarrassed when he talked to me.
She will never change her mind.
Eva has already told me she doesn't know how to do that.
I don't want to study in Australia.
I think James is nuts.
Oliver asked if there were any questions.
Jack and Monica say they aren't planning on going.
Jami never had hip problems before.
I'm not good at this sort of thing.
Jacob was a doctor in Australia.
I adopted an orphan.
Jami got up and walked out of the bar.
She said she doesn't plan on going.
I decided not to try anymore.
I'm actually very interested in doing that.
I don't mind if I get wet.
No one is listening to them.
They could do that if they tried.
I wasn't lonely.
I have a mind to buy a new car.
I know that you must have a million questions.
James said that he didn't really care if he won or not.
Why should I give money to you?
We had to learn the lines of the play in park.
We're cousins.
You're already old enough to do that by yourself.
I thought that you'd like James.
I don't like this kind of music.
What're you in such a hurry for?
It could happen here.
It's my job to protect you.
You should keep on until you succeed.
Do you have a sore throat and a headache?
We visited Joe in the hospital.
I haven't used this very much.
Jami has made similar claims.
Harry can do that by himself.
Valentina said she remembers being there.
Let's give Harry his reward.
Emma's hair started turning gray before she turned thirty.
No matter who comes, don't open the door.
I want to sleep!
They were badly off in the village.
I thought that you said that William had to do that.
Jami divided the bread into two pieces.
They've waited for you.
I wish Jacob hadn't seen me doing that.
So do I.
Why do we not go home?
Which subject do you prefer?
I think Oscar's plan will work.
Both Charlie and Valentina like riding horses.
Muhammad could hear his name being called.
How fast was the horse running?
We're looking for someone.
I can't show up looking like I've been working on the farm all day.
I ate my sandwich.
He has a large family to support.
My students are always studying.
How was the year 2013 for Charlie?
Apart from his parents, no one knows him very well.
I had never seen so many in my life.
We're all set.
He as well as you likes baseball.
I wonder why George is so excited.
I wonder if somebody could tell me what I should do.
I promise not to tell them.
We bought a new washing machine.
Just do me one last favor.
We've got a lot of stuff left to do.
I can't think of everything.
Is there a TV in the room?
George isn't sure he can help Carmen.
We knew the potential was there.
I waited for you at the park.
I saw William looking at himself in the mirror.
Alex and Olivia didn't know that I'd be here today.
That ugly man has a beautiful wife.
How do you know what to buy?
Alex doesn't let Alice drive.
I will be very glad to serve you.
Muhammad took Catherine's suitcase by mistake.
I greet you.
Why can't you control yourself?
Catherine Jackson wasn't her real name.
William can see me.
I have nothing to add.
She's honest.
I don't think that Jami is sure that that's what Margaret wants to do.
I knew that Oscar knew why Margaret was doing that.
Oliver should've told me he was married.
If you can't solve this problem, ask your teacher.
Coffee, meat, potatoes, fruit, nuts, cheese, and a book. What more do you need?
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
She has not so much patience as you.
Dan didn't even give Linda a reason.
Catherine told me that she doesn't know what that is.
Don't make me do this the hard way.
Be kind to the children.
We have to consider the problem more carefully.
William ordered some pie and so did Mary.
I did it all alone.
Only a few of my friends can speak French.
You ought to have been more careful.
Choose any one of these books that you like.
I know that you're pretty interested in Tommy.
The workers united to demand higher wages.
There's nothing like a good hot bath.
It was obvious to all that he meant it.
James, would you join us, please?
Joe has got to get ready for dinner.
I know Charlie didn't know that Catherine knew how to do that.
The prince has set out on a long journey.
I had it coming.
I think that Muhammad would be happy to do that.
Charlie and Laur are worried about that.
I have to go alone.
Muhammad deserves to be treated better.
He is not only brave but wise.
I wouldn’t go there for all the tea in China!
The coffee he drank was quite expensive.
I was hired.
Tell Muhammad that I'll do it.
We've got to get out of here somehow.
How do Jami and Monica know each other?
A baby rabbit had been caught in a trap.
It's been almost three years since Jack died.
We're all vulnerable.
Where's Harry's card?
Are you going to hurt us?
I'm really very happy.
Joe refused to talk to Julia.
We remind you that our terms are 60 days net.
I'd like to drink a cup of coffee.
They've achieved their goals.
Knock it off, guys.
Jack didn't want the same thing to happen to Catherine.
It's obvious Harry doesn't like doing that.
They just don't trust you.
He told me that he wouldn't wait.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven't.
Charlie helped Olivia fold the laundry.
I don't think that you need to tell Harry why you want to do that.
The news put an end to our hopes.
This is the town I told you about.
William showed Lucy a wallet-size photo of his son.
Do you dig it?
He turned to the right instead of turning to the left.
Your English doesn't sound ugly.
Alex said that he wanted something hot to drink.
It's not a money issue.
Making babies is not hard labor.
I'd like to do with you but I can't afford the plane fare.
Jacob is losing his mind.
Stop sticking your nose into other people's business.
He's a bit of a rebel.
Oliver wasn't funny either.
Maybe I should come back another time.
I didn't feel like cooking.
They said they didn't want drinks.
Didn't you know that Jack was going to go to Boston with Eva?
Where did this other policeman come from?
You had plenty of opportunity.
We're about to start doing that.
I'm sure you're going to heaven.
My eyes are sore.
I want to know how Tommy did that.
Jack always calls me on my birthday.
Happy people are those who remember only the good things from the past, while unhappy people are those who remember only the opposite.
I found it difficult to get along with him.
My shift's almost done.
They admitted that they didn't cry.
Adam and Alice knew there was nothing they could do to help.
This book belongs to the library.
I make it a rule to take a walk every morning.
I'll only talk to them.
I wonder if Oliver knows that Eva didn't do that.
They said they weren't ready to do that.
It's hot today. The temperature is up to 45° C.
She's good in bed.
I don't think Jack knew whether Monica wanted to do that or not.
We would like you to come to our party.
Adam didn't know about the party.
Who do you think you're talking to?
He has a generous nature.
Joe and Catherine said they wished John wouldn't go out after dark by himself.
Which side won?
She bought articles of clothing one after another.
Muhammad told me that he thought Emma was married.
I always naturally hated drinking.
Alice wanted to show Jacob what she'd bought.
As soon as Joe gets here, we can start the meeting.
Do you think they might be dangerous?
Don't waste your time and money.
Please don't go in there.
Adam should be done doing that by now.
They decided to shut down the factory.
Many years have passed since then.
Jami is in love with Anna's younger sister.
He's working in his office.
Susie is coming home soon, isn't she?
I would like to go and get my stuff.
Jami said Emma wasn't at school last Monday.
They have things they need to do.
I might need that.
Jami and Lucy said they didn't have any plans for next weekend.
Muhammad told me he thought that Olivia was dead.
You're supposed to be listening.
I got sick last weekend.
He spoke to me about it.
What if it's too late?
Oscar said he wasn't in Boston at that time.
I'm going to Australia next week with some of my friends.
You're one of them too, aren't you?!
The butler opened the door.
I don't eat meat, but Charlie does.
This chair is very comfortable, but I don't like the color.
Joe followed Emma out of the room.
Monica realized that she wasn't as smart as the other kids.
William doesn't like to be disturbed.
Freedom is a new faith, the faith of our time.
Catherine nearly got herself killed.
I don't think it's such a big problem.
Catherine said she wasn't likely to do that.
I've been walking to work recently.
Please answer me when I speak to you.
I just let Harry do his own thing.
Lucy said that she's hungry.
So what's your point?
The chances are that the bill will be rejected.
He's useless.
The honor you are giving me is more than I deserve.
Wait for your sister.
I heard William speaking to Anna.
Do you have any idea why someone would want to kill Jacob?
Harry and Lucy said that they were very frustrated.
I'm being fired.
My grandfather lived a long life.
What you said is not true.
Charlie isn't really planning on doing that, is he?
I had a hard time leaving.
William denied taking drugs.
You need to buy them presents.
We eat bread.
Jami has a little girl named Emma.
I'm not sure that I can be all that much help.
I'd like to know why Jami wasn't there.
I wonder if we're done.
Alex never asked me to do that.
I thought Alex was going to like it here.
He needs something to drink.
He is in an angry mood.
We're taking care of it.
I would very much appreciate receiving a copy of the book.
That is a very interesting story.
Everybody was so wonderful.
If you know where James lives, tell me.
I can't see who Jacob and Laur are talking to.
Why have you never said anything about this before?
Muhammad said that his father worked in Australia.
I'm sick of eating at the same place every day.
My pen is very easy to write.
She said she felt alone.
George wants me to buy him a pony.
They never said they weren't married.
Harry told me he didn't know how to do that.
Charlie is likely to still be jealous.
As far housing goes, it is very poor in Japan.
They don't miss a thing, do they?
This bag isn't big enough.
Have they found Tommy yet?
Joe says that Valentina thinks she can win.
Will you tell me how long you have loved him?
Joe told me that he knows Margaret.
No one could tell where she was.
Joe and Monica don't like John. However, he doesn't particularly care whether they like him or not.
I think Harry can do that better than Julia can.
When I was in Australia, I visited Jacob.
Have you ever been late for class?
Gas has been found below the sea.
Carmen said she needed to do that as soon as possible.
They said you wouldn't let them in.
There's a bus stop there.
I have to solve this problem.
How much is an apple?
I don't see why we can't talk.
Adam said that he didn't want to sit with Monica.
Why don't I just talk to her?
I just want you to know that I'm sorry.
I need a moment with you.
The CEO raised his salary even though the company was losing money.
I know that Jami didn't know who did that for him.
Don't you want me to tell you why?
Did Oscar know that you were planning to do that?
Alex looked around to see if anyone was watching.
Muhammad wanted to spend some time in the country.
This was very difficult.
Bush won all the wars he fought.
Jack should get started.
I wish I hadn't told Jack that I was going to do that.
Jacob is selfish, isn't he?
Muhammad and Julia probably thought they were going to have to do that today.
I've made the same mistake myself.
No one wanted to talk about it.
If Lucy could speak French, I'd hire her right away.
I doubt Charlie will be fired for doing that.
I've done this several times before.
I don't think Oscar knows that Mary needs to do that.
George said he hoped he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
It doesn't seem serious.
George doubts Emma will keep her promise.
William said he thought that I might not need to do that.
Why do you need money?
Do you really love them?
Um...am I mistaken in some way?
It's just another day.
Oscar almost always does that alone.
Harry and Laur told me that they weren't sleepy yet.
Harry and Laur let me know that they wouldn't do that.
Oliver is the only one who ever really knew me.
They are struggling to survive in business.
Did James tell you what his plans are?
Muhammad thought Monica was scared.
You can keep it if you want.
Jack and Julia both said they thought it probably wouldn't snow.
I wonder what your plans are.
We have problems that need to be dealt with.
Carmen said she wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
I didn't need to go to Boston.
By the time our long conversation was over, Mother was tired of standing.
You have to go to sleep.
Adam promised he wouldn't tell Susie.
He removed his helmet.
I suspect George won't wait for me.
Harry is downstairs, too.
I think we don't need to do this anymore.
Get your socks on fast. We're late!
If it weren't for the sun, life would be impossible.
Sometimes too much to drink is barely enough.
Oscar told his friends that he never ate meat.
Singing is her strong point.
I'm efficient.
I'm tired of hearing you call Jami an idiot.
The news that he had succeeded delighted them.
Carmen only speaks German now.
Boston is the place to be, right?
George is in grave danger.
Jack and Laur told me that they don't know what they have to do.
It's not as though the world is going to end if she leaves.
Harry died in combat.
Why are Harry and Julia home?
The aircraft was so fast that I couldn't even see it.
Please do that once more.
James, Susie and a few other people went yesterday.
Now, what do you want me to do?
Why he got angry is quite clear.
Your parents ought to know it.
That gives one a horse laugh.
I told Oliver he should drink more milk.
They won't catch me.
William and Susie can make themselves understood in French.
I helped an old man cross the road.
I speak French every day at work.
I feel so excited.
Tommy passed out because of the heat.
I think it would be a mistake to lend Harry any money.
Whatever may happen, I am prepared for it.
You didn't really think Joe would let me do that, did you?
Jacob thinks that I'm an idiot.
I told Charlie a few jokes.
The man who is standing there is my father.
The pool is full.
You know how stubborn she can be.
My birthday is in July.
What are you afraid of, when there is nothing to fear?
Oliver and Susie looked into each other's eyes.
I was sleeping while James and Alice were doing that.
I knew William wasn't yet finished doing that.
Here. This is for you.
Jami says he wants to win.
Why does everybody love cats?
I don't think we're getting anywhere.
They said they were afraid to go there.
It doesn't matter to me if Muhammad comes or not.
Jacob said that it's not over.
I thought you said that you wanted to go swimming with us.
You can wait in this room.
Joe and Lucy said that they want to join our band.
The law isn't always fair.
You are the next in line for promotion.
Olivia knew she'd have to do that.
I think it's too soon to judge.
She's already done her homework.
Catherine is very tired, and she's hungry.
My past self is another person.
Valentina was certain that she'd recognize Jami when she saw him.
Alex is full of confidence again.
My life hasn't been the same since I met her.
You eat like you're still in college.
Jack said that Margaret was going to do that on her own.
I don't like being retired.
She told me that she'd been sick.
Adam knows that Anna doesn't always do that.
Take your time when you eat meals.
We chose a good present for each of their children.
It's not over.
I have just had one of the worst days of my life.
Please tell us a story.
I'm not feeling relaxed.
George admitted that he did what Olivia asked him not to do.
You kids must be tired.
This is an important point.
Oscar warned Alice what would happen if she did that.
Is this a pen or a pencil?
George says he can't ignore the noise any longer.
Muhammad retired in 2013.
Charlie especially likes going to Italian restaurants.
I'm eating breakfast.
Her father is a famous doctor.
Is he into me?
Do I smell bacon?
Tommy heard the guard approaching.
Where did you knock them down?
They're reading in their rooms.
Can't you see he doesn't want to talk to you?
Can I get by the guard?
Jack will probably be a good roommate.
I just want to make sure that doesn't happen again.
I was about to go out when he called on me.
I didn't think Jami would be alone.
I thought Jacob said he was planning to do that.
No matter what you do, somebody won't like it.
Which is your stronger language?
How long can it be kept going with 100 dollars?
Follow your desire.
We talked with the owner of the house.
Do Jami and Anna really want to be left alone?
I think that Oscar felt a bit threatened.
We have a lot to talk about right now.
I think I'll cry.
Joe can swim a lot better than me.
Can you recommend me a good camera?
He's been looking for a job for months.
I didn't think that Harry was being unfair.
I wonder whether Alex thinks Anna has to do that.
Tommy ran as fast as he could hoping that he wouldn't miss the train.
The house was more expensive than I had expected.
I didn't know that you owned a truck.
I left early so as not to be late.
Knock, knock. Who's there?
I wish I knew why.
Oscar is never going to suspect a thing.
Why is Jack trying to talk to Carmen?
The next station is where you get off.
The system is working very well now.
Adam admitted that he agreed to do that.
It was not long before he was appointed professor.
I don't have to worry about money.
Emma had nothing to say, so she left.
I know that Joe is the one who's supposed to tell Eva that she shouldn't do that.
Harry could have taken the money.
We won't have a problem.
"Is the weed on the show real?" "Well, what do you think?"
Olivia warned us.
James doesn't think Emma will do that for John.
You look tired today.
Who did you receive that book from?
I'm a volunteer.
I'm still not finished.
Joe and I haven't eaten yet.
This apple is too small.
I would have told you before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
It is certain that he missed the train.
Jack burned the letter.
I haven't yet filed a formal complaint.
We must be healthy.
William and I go camping together every summer.
William and Carmen told John that they didn't like his sense of humor.
Look at the house with the red roof.
I've got a job in Boston.
James is getting married in October.
Joe was completely taken by surprise.
Tommy will never complain.
I'm sure Alex will get around to doing that sooner or later.
There are no girls on the Internet.
I doubt very seriously that William will be early.
How did you know that William was dealing drugs?
I'm suffering from a broken heart.
I have to fight.
"You can't have fun all the time." "Why not?"
Oliver has at least three children.
Why is she talking to me?
What are you after?
Jacob isn't dangerous, but Lucy is.
James heard that Julia and John had split up.
James told Monica to go next door and see if the neighbors needed any help.
The police is searching for an escaped prisoner.
Muhammad is still looking.
How often do you go to the zoo?
I always wondered what that noise was.
I heard Jack can sing really well.
A man can know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Didn't you know that I used to live in Boston?
You promised me you'd take care of them.
Jami and Julia said they were too busy to help John do that.
We'll meet up with them later.
I don't understand people who eat breakfast for dinner.
Charlie doesn't think Catherine is mad.
Laur says she's not planning on going anymore.
Your father is a good-looking man.
I just saw it for myself.
George told Monica to enjoy her day off.
It isn't going to be long.
I don't want charity.
Mary said she didn't know Oliver very well.
I'm worried about Tommy's life.
Valentina lost her key.
Jack and I both kept quiet.
That's mine. Give it back.
Do you think this book is worth reading?
I'll help you, but I don't think Alex will.
We'll do our best to work as quickly as possible.
He is running ahead of me.
Oliver is only a teenager.
Just stay here.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
You think that I'm just talking nonsense, don't you?
Olivia seemed to be happy, didn't she?
They never listen when I talk to them.
Olivia would do anything to get what she thinks she needs.
Carmen told me she wasn't sleepy.
You said you didn't want to go.
She went to school by car.
They often talk to themselves.
Joe hasn't accomplished anything so far.
I told you before that I'm not interested in hanging out with you.
They can barely feed their families.
I couldn't talk to Alex.
This restaurant is open 24/7.
Tommy seemed nice.
Jacob loves money.
I'm going to tell Muhammad and Alice what I really think of them.
She started taking off her shoes.
That girl at the bar gave you a fake phone number, didn't she?
I tried to go back to sleep, but the noise kept me awake.
The boat was clean.
Harry is a friendly kid, isn't he?
Harry was dead set against the idea.
We're coming to your assistance.
Jami went abroad soon after he graduated from college.
I don't think I'm the person that you're looking for.
I wish I hadn't lied to the police.
He never made a display of his learning.
I will give you a ring every night.
She said she found something strange.
It's more dangerous than it looks.
Some people think Mary was poisoned.
I don't have enough experience yet.
I hope that I don't disappoint you.
There's hardly any chance Oscar will win the election.
You may have to help him.
I'm pretty excited.
James didn't have to go to the hospital.
Because the Japanese morning train is very crowded, I would be out of breath if I caught the express train at 8 in the morning.
I took Oscar in my car.
Let's try not to lose each other in this fog.
Oscar can wait for me here.
Jacob and Monica were walking towards the station when I saw them.
Joe said that he thought Lucy wasn't happy.
Don't make this harder on yourselves.
Do you remember where he left his umbrella?
Jack died during his stay in Boston.
Oliver asked me to leave.
Oscar doesn't want to buy another car.
Ask Margaret what she wants to eat.
Mother comes to stay with us at least once a month.
Neither George nor Carmen has anything better to do.
The dog looked into the water.
I feel like I have to be there.
Adam has learned.
William doesn't like riding his motorcycle in the rain.
You look very sleepy.
She plans to break up with her boyfriend.
Alex refused to show me where he found it.
I thought you said you wanted to be the last one to do that.
I'd like to study this topic in more detail.
You never seem to want to help.
Go and see what Jack is doing upstairs.
We've got a good life.
I didn't think Jami would mind showing you how to do that.
Margaret isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be sick.
I thought you'd like it.
Tommy needs to see a doctor.
I'll lend you one if you wish.
I need to be ready by 2:30.
She knows guns.
All my efforts were in vain.
Here comes Tommy! Act as if you were busy!
George tried to help Mary up the steps.
William is very generous with his money.
You should tell her how you feel.
We must stay perfectly calm.
I miss you. I really want to see you.
James plans to start doing that as soon as he can.
I don't eat as much fruit as I should.
Jacob has never hurt anyone.
I think I have a cold.
He chose the wrong man to pick a fight with.
You will speak Swedish.
I want to become a boy, no matter how hard it is.
Charlie kept still.
We have to wash the clothes.
What really happened to you?
Let's do the work.
Trains were arriving on time.
I think I should just leave.
How much are you going to charge us?
You mustn't be late.
Jacob left work at 2:30.
Actually, we have sort of a problem.
I know Jacob won't want to dance.
I was told that I don't have to do that.
Adam and Mary aren't tired, but John is.
I think you should find out when William and Valentina plan to leave.
I do not go to school.
I never said that he was a saint.
The actor came out from behind the curtain.
When all was said and done, the world was not destroyed on December 21, 2012.
Harry is smarter than any other student in his class.
Let's follow his advice.
The boys are all the same age.
I don't know where your house is.
Did Alex really agree to do that?
Oscar doesn't have as much experience as I do.
Never forget it.
Adam is still too young to drink beer.
Let's all take off our shoes.
Today was a very tough day.
It's the animal in me that wants it.
Tommy lay face down on the blanket.
Share it with us.
I don't think that James will come.
Time passes by so slowly.
Why didn't you invite Adam to your wedding?
Mary says she's not planning to stay here all winter.
Don't worry about me. I can take care of myself.
What's your goal?
Jacob will have to do that somewhere else.
Do you really think that Tommy likes Monica?
I'm crazy about American football.
What will it take to get you to vote for me?
I have two sons and two daughters.
Muhammad does it very well.
I will do anything you say!
I didn't leave early.
Luckily, I was able to talk Charlie out of doing that.
Harry asked Eva to close the window.
How about studying together in the library?
I'm not thirsty.
I have no idea what death is like.
Mary could hear Oliver, but he couldn't see her.
Between us, he is a little foolish.
I'd appreciate it if you would turn off the lights.
I suspected that Oscar didn't really want to go to Australia.
I missed the train by only a few minutes.
Adam and Mary raised three children.
Today was such a bad day.
Julia wasn't born yesterday.
James hasn't done that, but he ought to.
Why can't I have a phone when all of my friends have one?
I came to surprise her.
Jami isn't any stronger than me.
George and Laur claimed that they didn't do that.
Charlie and Mary knew they needed help.
He told me that he's done.
Is Cookie a dog or a cat?
Harry and I used to go shopping together.
We can understand everything she's saying.
The roses smell nice.
I'm hungry because I haven't had lunch.
Tell me exactly what you'd like me to do for you.
I don't think that you need to tell Adam anything about what happened.
Harry said doing that would be a good idea.
We're just getting ready to leave.
They did not invite me to their wedding.
He is always up and doing.
There is a library in our city.
I sold my house in Boston.
I wonder if George is busy now.
It looks nice.
Russian is very difficult to learn.
It could not be otherwise.
Jack is drinking some coffee.
George has my vote.
You don't have a key, do you?
Can you tell me what it is?
You are a fabulous woman.
I like this dress. It's kind of cute.
William told everyone he'd decided to do that.
The explanation was beyond my understanding.
He is in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
It won't be worth the risk.
I seem to be lost.
George and Anna live in the apartment above John and Alice.
I expect William will be back soon.
They said that they're determined to do that.
I suspect that Jami and Anna are scared.
I don't think that Jack would try to kill us.
My Internet connection is slow.
As a matter of fact, he knows very little of the matter.
The sound took me by surprise.
What is she dancing to?
They mean trouble.
William didn't seem to have any trouble doing that.
This was a great gift for her.
It looks like it'll be clearing up.
This rich man is greedy.
Doing that is healthy exercise.
I thought that you said that you were willing to do that.
Would you like some of my food?
We were lucky to win that one.
Alex said he'd do that for us if we asked him to.
I treat you to a cup of coffee.
We'll get there in time.
I know that Alex didn't know that I was going to do that.
You're eating like you haven't eaten anything all day.
They can't eat it all themselves.
They're watching over us.
That's not why Muhammad didn't do that.
The helicopter landed on the roof.
Joe told me his job was a lot of fun.
What we need is a good plan.
The suit becomes him.
Was William a teacher?
I'm still young.
Why on earth did you take him to the station?
Alex will make a good spy.
Can you tell me what's wrong?
It's really up to you.
I'm just kidding.
She fell fast asleep over a study aid.
We're never going to make it.
Why are you crying? It's just a movie.
I wonder whether I really have to do that.
I knew that something strange might happen.
One of the books is in French, and the other is in German.
James doesn't look like John.
What's your favorite love song?
The coach is leaving soon.
Oliver is the only one wearing a suit.
It wasn't that expensive.
Jacob said that Alice told him she'd never met John.
Could you tell me where I can park my car?
You may borrow this book as long as you keep it clean.
I don't regret it one bit.
I may teach French in Australia next year.
I thought the dress Catherine was wearing looked really nice.
This looks like a great place.
Bill will win, won't he?
I know Tommy isn't a very creative person.
I counted up to 200.
Maria never married.
I had a really great time tonight.
Lucy didn't want anyone to see her.
Jack is a miller.
If Harry gives you any trouble, just call me.
Alex doesn't like being treated like a child.
I need to exercise more.
Why are you in the hospital?
Oscar might want to walk home with you.
He didn't really mean that, did he?
Jack is likely going to be in Boston next Monday.
Take no chances.
Charlie doesn't seem very tired.
She was born in a small village.
George moved to Boston quite a few years ago.
Alex said he hoped he'd be able to help us today.
People need to eat.
I don't think I can walk any faster.
Tommy can't tell if Valentina is serious or not.
The moment she'd finished, she lay down for a nap.
Do you know, how high is the television tower?
There's nobody here.
There are no longer any problems in business life, there are only challenges. And challenges are opportunities. So it is no problem at all if the company is in the red, it's just another opportunity!
This is genuine Kutani-ware. I guarantee it.
Charlie and Olivia say they don't know where John lives.
They should have contacted us.
You're a loser.
It's very dirty.
I think Alex is pulling your leg.
I came to talk about her.
I'd like to take a look outside.
I assume that Adam will eventually be arrested for what he did.
What brings you here tonight?
I am as tall as he.
Do you like liver?
Her mother started screaming.
If he tried hard, he would succeed.
Oliver is pathetic.
She's still a minor.
Jacob can't make me do it.
James said he was unlikely do that.
I want to go and see Jacob.
George Harrison was a gentleman all his life!
He was cool about it.
I'm fairly certain Jami and Catherine don't know how to speak French.
I sweat a lot.
Monica loves what she does.
She accused him of stealing her car.
I don't get to Boston as often as I'd like.
I knew Tommy was the one who was supposed to tell Catherine not to do that.
Monica said she likes swimming with Charlie.
I'm really going to miss them.
That's just life.
They fell and hurt themselves.
I'm going to go check on her.
Tommy pulled off his shoes.
I regret that I wasn't as careful as I should have been.
He admitted that he'd been rude.
Her house stands back from the road.
I put this question to him.
James told me he was doing that now.
Dan asked Linda to take all of her clothes off.
What is this bird called?
I think Oscar is the only one who can't do that.
Let Anna eat whatever she wants.
We're having some problem.
Oliver began singing.
You should lock your door.
I'm one of the three guys who were able to do that.
I wouldn't miss that for anything.
I was very confused by his questions.
Oliver's friends called him Money Bags.
I'm in love, but I don't know if it's mutual.
William has decided that he isn't going to try to keep Alice from doing that.
The police arrested him for drinking and driving.
If I'm not too busy, I'll help you tomorrow.
So, what do you recommend?
This company and I have signed a contract of three years.
Oh no! I forgot my camera.
How far away is your school?
He is a rich but dull man.
I don't think I'd like Boston.
I slept lying on my face.
Are you still sure it was Alex?
How often is Jami late for school?
It makes me feel young again.
William sat there for a moment without saying anything, and then he got up and left the room.
I didn't read any of these books.
It's all my fault.
I told Jacob I would help them.
I hid myself in the closet.
Oscar walked into the kitchen holding a small box.
I really don't understand French.
I'm not in Australia.
What's this song about?
Alex is studying in the college library.
What did I say?
I can't go back to the way it was.
Something very bad happened last Monday.
Adam said he was concerned about the problem.
Did you buy what I asked you to buy?
I have what I need.
Can all of your children speak French?
I warned Lucy, but she didn't listen.
"How do you know the day?" "My father wrote to me himself."
I've been with the CIA since 2003.
My uncle gave me his car.
Aren't you going to come to Jack's party tonight?
I built it myself.
Alice was frightened of her strict mother.
Jacob and I have a lot of fun together.
Catherine said James wasn't as angry as she thought he'd be.
It's strange that our friends aren't here.
Have you ordered the book?
It took Jacob three hours to get to Boston.
Can he write this character?
Tommy and Lucy won't be able to do that without your help.
Jacob has no idea where Laur does that.
I'm going to need your phone number and address.
Are you certain that Charlie and Eva can take care of themselves?
I was a French major in college.
They said that they didn't have any money.
You don't seem to be as tired as James seems to be.
What a big cat!
I must get a bad tooth pulled out.
Harry was the leader of a gang.
I didn't know that Tommy knew who did that for you.
I wonder whether or not Adam is alone.
Take it away.
Have you said anything to Jami?
Jack would have wanted to go to Boston with you.
Walk faster so as not to fall behind.
They said they'd think about it.
He called his son James.
There was an abandoned car by the river.
Adam said that he wants to win.
Anna looks very pretty today.
Emma knew that Jacob loved her.
Harry must make his own decisions.
Tell Muhammad thanks but no thanks.
Come back immediately.
We were just about to leave.
Do you know all the letters?
Oliver went for a walk in the park.
Tommy asked Lucy who her French teacher was.
You must eat properly to keep up your strength.
Love has ended.
Adam returned the compliment.
She's very upset.
Jami almost agreed to do that.
I know that Alex is a friend of a friend of Catherine's.
Where is she?
I didn't think James would be the first one to do that.
Jacob is just three weeks older than Mary.
Oscar doesn't know why Catherine is mad at him.
Jack considered changing his job.
What more could we possibly do?
Alice said she would've done that by herself if she could've.
It's all about having fun.
I hate to remember the day I was busted.
You will recover from your weakness soon.
Why can't we just take a cab?
She was the youngest of three children.
Get on your horse.
He said that he would write to us.
She does all the cooking.
I have no future.
I plan to live here for the rest of my life.
I speak French with my parents.
I think there's a good possibility that that will happen.
That was worst thing William could've said.
I didn't think that Oliver wanted to go to Boston with Valentina.
I knew that Joe wouldn't enjoy doing that with me.
I didn't want to go to Australia without William.
I woke up just after 2:30.
Joe is a fine young man.
I wish we'd get some news.
William is going to be heading back to Boston after lunch.
"You're a lucky man." "I know I am."
Please give me all these.
Nobody was satisfied.
I don't have enough time to get the job done.
You can't deny that Joe is charming.
Love is not important.
Muhammad and Laur don't think they're going to do that.
Tommy said that he thought I might be allowed to do that.
We always get a lot of visitors this time of year.
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
I'm doing this because I have to.
I want to take a plane back to Boston.
Keep your hands on the wheel.
Alex is terrified to see the vampire standing at his door.
She didn't say who she'd gone with.
I was playing soccer today.
Do you like being with me?
That club is way too big.
Alex told Laur that he wasn't going to go to Boston with us.
I can't die here.
The reality keeps changing.
I wanted my children to learn French.
The band is excellent.
Such thing can't be true.
They didn't want to sell their car.
I think I'm going to be arrested.
This project still keeps me very busy.
Jack assumed everyone knew Eva couldn't understand French.
I know that Oliver has to leave tomorrow.
Alex needs a prescription.
Can I hide in here?
I hope we don't get into trouble.
I said I wasn't serious.
I gave her a blanket.
Are you going back to work?
Oh, seriously?
I don't really want to eat with Joe.
I don't have to pay rent.
This is the first time in a while that someone we had such high hopes for came to our department.
Who'll succeed?
Although marriage is a great thing, don't worry; what should be yours will be yours.
Susie knew that Oliver was mad at her.
I thought that Harry was angry.
Adam makes everyone nervous.
He tried to keep dry as best he could.
I don't have anything to do now.
I thought you were going to travel around Australia.
Why didn't somebody help him?
I didn't hear a word of what Muhammad said.
Lucy didn't do what we asked her to do.
Has anyone found them yet?
Get your things.
I don't think Muhammad is confident.
The atmosphere in Washington became very tense.
The children are safe.
I'm pretty sure that's it.
While I was talking over the telephone she came to see me.
I'm sure Jack wouldn't be ready if Laur hadn't helped him.
Mary listened to her grandmother's stories.
She said she's been feeling sick.
Charlie doesn't mind doing that.
Are we all happy?
Alex got special treatment.
That's okay.
Do I have to open the window?
The letter is inside the envelope.
We're dizzy.
They want to know about him.
How do you get downtown from here?
George showed his garden to me.
I'm sorry that you should think that way.
We must go to the bank to exchange some money.
We're not saying Jack is wrong.
Alex and Lucy are expected back in Boston on Monday.
I talked to William last week.
They're not as nice as they used to be.
I don't mind if the weather is hot.
James says Olivia doesn't believe John did that by himself.
Tommy just kept driving.
I saw James three weeks ago.
James said Laur thought John might need to do that this evening.
Jacob is getting off the plane right now.
It was a strange affair.
I can't fix this computer.
Alex and Eva have similar goals.
A trust fund has been set up for each of the children.
No one speaks that language anymore.
I feel pretty comfortable here.
Muhammad will eventually learn to do that.
They went in opposite directions.
Tommy hired a new secretary.
If you've got something to say, go ahead and say it.
They have wine.
I was struck by lightning.
Sorry for keeping it secret from you.
I didn't know I'd be first.
I'd love that.
I asked him if he would go too.
Jami is an open book.
Catherine told Muhammad she'd teach him French.
You're not wrong about that.
I would have done it by myself if James hadn't been there.
Jacob arrived the day before I did.
I appreciate your help on this.
They can produce those goods/merchandise for much cheaper.
Charlie and Valentina aren't being very helpful, are they?
We did that earlier this month.
I need to go get my laptop.
No one is more determined than I am.
Please ask Tommy to be quiet.
Joe said Catherine wasn't at home when he went to visit her.
Tommy can find the time to do that.
Adam often eats breakfast with us.
James doesn't want to deal with it.
I've been waiting so long for this.
I spent several months in Boston last year.
The nearest star is about four and half light-years away from the earth.
Alex won't ask you to speak French.
Alex is going to prison for the rest of his life.
I wish everybody liked me.
Wait in the lobby.
I sometimes watch TV.
They told me they often dreams in French.
Alex woke up at midnight.
Jack told me that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Alex thinks I'm an idiot.
I think Joe really deserves it.
Let's look at each step in more detail.
Could you get me some tea?
Harry and Carmen thought they'd be able to win.
Jack told everybody that Lucy was there.
You do know how to drive, don't you?
Will you let Alex and Valentina do that?
I didn't think James looked nervous.
There were many who couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
We're safe now.
Adam and Lucy said they'd like to visit Boston.
James and Laur say that they have no plan to do that.
I haven't quite finished eating.
Dogs like playing with other dogs.
Only love can break your heart.
I'll show that to him.
Let me think about it a bit longer.
Jack never got better.
I'm sure Harry will work it out.
God exists, but he forgot the password.
What you say does not bear on our problem.
Tommy speaks French better than he speaks English.
I should go now.
William has been my best friend for as long as I can remember.
She asked him if she could go home.
I made supper.
You really deserve it.
I think that Charlie doesn't win very often when he plays chess.
There is something in my eye.
I don't believe Jack actually did his homework by himself.
We'll be back in three months.
You're happy, what have you been doing all this long time until now?
She couldn't handle it anymore.
What was taken?
Laur said she told you.
It's yet to be determined.
Muhammad promised me he'd clean his room.
I didn't think James would be so sweet.
Man was not born but made man.
You can't see Adam anymore.
"What's wrong with you, Maria?" "I don't know."
I hope Jami and Anna are finished doing that by 2:30.
She's not very good at it.
Go with the flow.
I'm still not used to getting up so early.
George has much more free time than Mary.
Alex shot himself with his father's gun and died.
We knew one day it would happen.
James and Susie said they left early because they were feeling sick.
I'm eating dinner now. Can I call you later?
When did you change your address?
What did you do with that book?
We don't have any food in the house.
I wish to speak with you in private. Call me.
I think that Oscar could help.
Harry and Mary aren't as thin as they used to be.
How much does an egg cost?
Tell me what movies you guys have seen.
I'm pretty sure that George is from Australia.
Harry said he planned to stay until next Monday.
I don't think that Jami can handle the truth.
It'll take at least an hour to get there.
A bird flew into the tree.
I don't recognize any of these names.
Charlie says he hopes that you don't win.
I asked my father to bring me to the circus.
I have spoken with the Polish ambassador.
Adam and Margaret say that they aren't coming.
The meeting began at nine o'clock sharp.
He didn't even look over the papers.
I want to travel by airplane.
She brings the party with her wherever she goes.
It's often said you should judge people by the company they keep.
It occurred to me that my watch might be broken.
I'm good at anything I set my mind to.
Alex has known Catherine for close to ten years.
I've been busy since yesterday.
Tommy didn't know what to tell Julia.
Jami said he needed to do that by himself.
I know that George will agree to do that.
You need money to make money.
George spent the whole day listening to music.
Let's see if you've learned anything.
I don't like her.
Harry's willing to help us.
It's now my turn.
I'll give you a hint.
I think Oliver didn't know what to do.
I don't know anything about her family.
Did you like this book?
Let me see the pictures that you took in Australia.
I don't want to get divorced.
I didn't think James would have the time to do that.
Alice wants to do that, but she doesn't know how.
Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
I took part in the discussion.
You've lost weight, haven't you?
I knew that Charlie could do that if he tried.
That was the time when he came.
The Police caught him red handed.
Tommy should do that if he wants to.
What are we supposed to do?
And that is where the difference lies.
James said doing that was harder than he expected.
Everybody was interested in the story.
We're doing all we can.
I'm fairly good at doing that.
Jacob suggested we do that.
I don't live with my parents anymore.
George is here to meet Monica.
Why don't you read the manual?
Why are you surprised?
Alex and Laur got there early and they got really good seats.
You really didn't want to do that, did you?
George has decided he's not going to buy one.
Alice says she's thinking about not doing that.
I don't plan on getting caught.
This film is very interesting.
I don't think George will be scared.
Would Muhammad ever consider doing that?
He is a lucky lad.
This is really sick.
Muhammad didn't have time to react.
He told me I was pretty.
I know that I haven't lived the model life.
George asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with Anna.
We should try to help them.
Father often says: "Time is money!"
Adam and Eva are uncomfortable.
Muhammad didn't tell me why he wanted me to do that.
Living in Japan is very expensive.
I was coughing.
I suspect that Harry and Mary are going to hate this.
I have a nice pair of shoes that are too small for me. Would you like them?
He is reading books.
They said that they're innocent.
What can Charlie do that Catherine can't do?
You won't do any better.
I saw his pictures in Japan.
Adam says he doesn't have to do that right away.
Jami thinks I am his enemy.
His behavior really got on my nerves.
Oliver may not know that we're here.
I just sat there trying not to think about how alone I felt.
James said he would do it again.
Oscar is visiting Anna in Australia.
Can you tell me the way to the library?
Where was this book published?
I still think that we should've gone to Australia with Jami.
She said that she would come back.
I don't know whether William and Carmen are telling the truth or not.
I'm afraid Alex might agree to do that.
I had him in that discussion.
I don't know what she did, but it worked.
I asked Jami and Laur what they'd do.
I admit that I've never actually been to Australia.
He prepared dinner by himself.
Oscar needed somebody he could trust.
I met a young man whose name was William.
She has seven sons.
She's not even a teacher.
They can do that wherever they choose.
I never got an answer from him.
This is gonna be wild!
I'm not busy.
James never got an award.
It didn't make me sad.
Let me show you how I do that.
Joe promised himself he'd never do that again.
George said that he would buy what was needed.
George does that better than Mary does.
This is a real fine evening, isn't it? Won't you sit down? How are all your folks?
Emma is going to do as much as she can.
Jami and Julia said that they loved baseball.
Muhammad is efficient, isn't he?
Why is Alex lying down on the table?
I don't think he can help you.
Jack started calling Carmen names.
Harry could've been offended.
Monica said she isn't sure Oliver can swim.
I didn't think Joe would show me how to do that.
My sister is very intelligent.
Eva will do what she has to do.
That's a splendid idea.
Jack and Mary didn't have their phones with them, so they couldn't call John to tell him they'd be late.
I shouldn't have written that.
Hey, I'm not a doctor.
Tommy says he's feeling OK.
Are there any other choices?
We can't afford to eat at a restaurant.
We won't swim.
Where did you get that water?
Harry is quite strong.
Take our picture.
I thought that I'd always be alone.
I'll stay close.
Joe is serious about his work.
It is my son.
It depends on how much money you have available.
They said that they didn't know French.
I do hope you understand.
I bought this at the train station.
We all die sooner or later.
I'm going to be back in Boston tomorrow night.
There's something happening on the other side of the river.
I want you to do it at once.
George learned a new word.
Jacob is used to these sorts of situations.
I wonder why women survive for men.
Jami wants me to do this now.
Jacob is scheduled to be executed.
I think you're going to make it.
Charlie and Emma don't plan on doing that until I tell them to.
I didn't know what to do when that happened.
Do James and Julia always do what you ask them to do?
She loves you very much.
I was on the phone.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
They sell meat in this store.
Muhammad is the one who started the rumor.
Maybe he forgot.
A new pope has been elected.
This price is reasonable.
I saw a house with a red roof.
Please lock the safe.
Let's go to that new restaurant on Park Street tonight.
I gather that they'll agree with us.
We hope that Oliver hasn't been seriously hurt.
Margaret says she won't be able to do that today.
How did you get to know she was ill?
I suspect Oscar has to go to Boston next month.
Nobody seems interested in dancing with me.
James wasn't ready to jump.
I already knew that Jami wasn't planning to do that.
Quit following them.
Help me, please.
Everything was about to change.
I asked Alex to tell me why he didn't do that.
I've been learning a lot about them lately.
After spending three weeks looking for a job, he found a well-paid one.
This would look so cute on you!
I know exactly what I should do.
The garden has a wooden fence.
Joe told me that he didn't take French in high school.
I knew that Charlie was supposed to be doing that.
Please tell me that's not a bomb.
I have more experience than James.
George told me he thought Carmen would be early.
Do you think about us a lot?
James doesn't have a key to the closet.
Did Charlie go to the station to see Lucy off?
I found a tree frog on the wall in my bathroom.
The horse is white.
He is still green at the job.
My ears feel like they're stuffed up.
Your time's up.
That's about right.
To be badly off makes life hard to bear.
Do you think I should tell James?
I can speak for myself.
Looking out of the window, I saw a man standing near the door.
We're getting tired of them.
She has a double-barrelled name.
George has already been told he isn't going to be allowed to do that.
Mom, George ate my cookie.
I met Jacob decades ago.
I didn't think that Alex could do that.
My mother was a dancer.
I'm going to need your help doing this.
How do you decide what's right for you?
I know how that goes.
James was in the house.
Thank you all for that.
Tell me about it now.
First words get confused, then ideas get confused, and finally things themselves get confused.
Muhammad wondered who won.
Jami didn't want to leave.
She told me that she saw that movie.
Everything will be decided on Monday.
Perhaps Alex could talk Monica into doing that.
James told Lucy that she should be the last one to do that.
I have a date.
Both Jack and I don't understand French at all.
My money is my money.
I won't give you my sandwich.
He studies very hard.
How did Jack know Anna knew French?
Tommy admitted that he'd killed Olivia.
He seems to have had a great amount of money.
Joe is the captain of the team.
Does the school have a library?
You haven't told Muhammad why I have to do that, have you?
I agree with some of your opinions.
Though he is clever, he isn't wise.
My native language is not the language of my mother.
We waste a lot of time.
Muhammad said he knew the reason why Valentina did that.
She stood waiting for me for a long time.
George suggested that we don't watch this movie.
Alex said he's not making much money.
I thought that you'd be busy helping James.
It's very healthy.
William proposed to Carmen in a Chinese restaurant.
Would you be able to write down the link to the site?
Oliver really should do that.
He is very stubborn.
Did you have any trouble finding this place?
This isn't a bad thing.
Oscar and Monica told me that you were with them yesterday afternoon.
The question is where to buy the book.
Harry will be there three days.
I know why James left Australia.
Could you give me a better price?
I figured you'd probably never want to see me again.
What are Harry and Laur going to think?
It's mean to do that.
That just might happen.
William told me that he thought Alice was rich.
He didn't want to speak about her anymore.
Harry pulled out a book and started reading it.
William felt trapped.
Oscar didn't seem to be afraid.
It sounds easy, but it's not.
Oscar hasn't yet told me who helped him do that.
Everything depends on it.
It looks like you've lost some weight.
That wasn't there before.
We'll meet again some other day.
I'll graduate next year.
I want you to go to Australia with George.
I can't use that.
We aren't too concerned.
Adam isn't going to try to do that.
That just doesn't make any sense.
I think Oliver has spent time in prison.
James told me he was finished doing that.
I switched off my computer.
Carmen said that she was very sick.
I've decided not to go to college.
The police took the criminal away to the police station.
Please don't touch Charlie.
I told Oliver to ask Mary.
They all look the same to me.
Harry said that he thought I might not want to do that.
The child cried loudly.
You hold my fate in your hands.
Smoking, please.
If this ever happens again, I'll probably get fired.
Charlie has been really upset.
Maybe Jami is trying to tell me something.
I'm not fooling around.
Alex needs our guidance.
I know Jami isn't a very good dancer.
Oliver had a son.
I heard that William has married a rich widow.
If he's late, it's OK to start the meeting without him.
How can you concentrate?
I don't think we have much time.
Oscar put on some climbing boots.
The change of air had done me much good.
Eva has been here all her life.
Being right is not always what is important.
There's no need to worry about me.
Monday will be a hot day.
Will you do that tomorrow?
I can tell you that it didn't happen.
You can't be serious.
I think Jack and Valentina did exactly what they said they did.
You guys seem to be having a good time.
That might not be Jami.
I've got business with Tommy.
I asked Adam if he really wanted to do that today.
Where's your friend?
Without his glasses, he is as blind as a bat.
Alex owes what he is today to his wife.
I'll tell Olivia we're going with her.
What's Jacob worried about?
You're wealthy.
You didn't recognize me, did you?
There's no time to worry about that now.
Oliver said he'd prefer to stay at home.
He's tired after his German lesson.
Oscar was born there.
What love!
We'll have to have a little discussion regarding that last point.
The baby was taken care of by its grandmother.
I learn as much as you do.
George isn't wearing his uniform.
Joe is ready for anything.
I don't think it's a very good idea.
I regret what happened here yesterday as much as you do.
Joe is likely to still be OK.
I'm a bit anxious.
Joe is our older son.
I've done a lot of horrible things.
How long will it be to dinner?
Alex did that because he was ordered to.
I told Jack why Catherine had never graduated from high school.
This was not the deal.
They looked like they were dead.
The general public can't attend.
I never was shy.
He did not make his position clear.
How can people do that?
Jack said that he wasn't very worried.
I don't think that I'll be able to get in there with Jacob.
I was caught in shower on my way home.
Oscar and Alice are in the next room.
It would be fun.
My grandfather says he's too old to swim.
No one knew William and Anna were there.
I thought that it was an important decision.
Harry is going to ask Valentina if she can help us tomorrow.
I wonder how many people in Australia can speak French.
Jack is going to meet you there.
I was fond of cake.
I'll fix a drink.
William and Eva are out of the woods now.
I can't breathe.
Do you think William wants to do that?
I thought that you had a driver's license.
He did what we told him to do.
I'm going to do that, too.
James says that someday he'll be able to do that.
I think that Harry might leave for Boston early tomorrow morning.
I like seeing you this way.
Who invited you to the party?
Tell Oscar that he should go back to Australia.
This is the only thing I care about.
We lock the door at night.
Tommy was shot in the neck.
Give me a full glass of water.
Today was fun.
We did it as a team.
You're going in the wrong direction, aren't you?
With his last breath, he told him he was adopted.
Valentina wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked her to.
I love my town.
I don't know what Tommy watches nowadays.
When are you getting married?
You never seemed to enjoy doing that.
The road is free.
Charlie doesn't live in Boston yet.
He asked the men, "Would you share a room?" "Certainly, we will," answered the three men.
I got up at 2 in the morning.
I can't imagine that that's changed.
I'll try to never be late again.
Oscar kissed his children goodnight.
Does Catherine really think William is younger than she is?
All this is simple and easy to understand.
William was trapped in the cave for three days.
Take this!
I doubt very seriously Joe will need to do that.
I hit Muhammad.
There's a very good chance Jami will be here tomorrow.
Jacob and Susie say they try to do that once a week.
I'll see you whenever it suits you.
Jami and Catherine keep to themselves.
I know that Harry won't be doing that with Margaret.
William wasn't allowed to speak French.
Alex and Julia said they understands our concern.
I almost got run over by a truck.
Here, try some.
I don't think that this is enough food to feed all of us.
I think it's Oliver.
Oliver and Margaret know how to take care of themselves.
Have you told her I'm here?
I would have told you this before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
Alex told me he had a plan.
You must help me save us.
Ask Tommy about it when he gets here.
William is waiting for Susie in front of the station.
Jami might be in his room.
You needn't have seen him to the door.
I beat Jacob.
I had a lovely time.
If you've finished your homework, you can go outside and play.
Oscar doesn't want to own a restaurant.
Let's see what Tommy can do.
I'd like another beer.
Did you know that Oscar spent time in prison?
Out of the mouth comes evil.
I don't know how much more I can stand.
This is no time to be shy.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I was waiting for James to do that.
Who's the author?
I think that Jacob is fine.
I won't tell you where I keep my money.
I told him not to tell anyone.
I never liked them.
I think William is the one who's supposed to tell Laur she needs to do that.
All life is an experiment.
I hate fighting.
Charlie is in a state of shock.
Adam asked Margaret if she wanted to go to a movie.
This shouldn't take more than 30 minutes.
We should call Jami.
Where does Adam usually hang out?
I thought you said Harry was leaving.
I don't think we're going to make it.
What was the name of the hotel where you stayed in Boston last year?
William held out his hands.
Drop in on me in Paris one of these days.
Does Harry still feel that way?
I knew that Joe was afraid of his grandfather.
When is William coming back?
Bad things are behind me.
I promise you that I'll do that.
I wonder whether Muhammad is really planning to quit his job.
We put all our old furniture in the shed behind our house.
Please tell Charlie he doesn't have to do that.
The car started to pick up speed.
Don't come unless I tell you to.
William doesn't like being alone.
Monica collapsed in tears.
I think that Charlie isn't sure that's what he needs to do.
I don't think that Joe knows when Margaret will leave Australia.
I like the mountains around here a lot, and come often for vacation.
She told me she won't marry me.
My family are all very well.
Jami and Lucy say that they needed to do that.
Indeed, I keep the closet closed.
They say they should wait.
George sometimes puts honey in his tea.
I don't know much about horse racing.
Everybody laughed at Jack.
I haven't slept in two days.
What impressed Joe the most?
That's where the heart of the case is.
I hope this comes off easily.
William doesn't do that kind of thing anymore.
She doesn't want to speak, being afraid of making mistakes.
You need a bath.
What kind of books did you buy?
I know they talk about it.
Don't bother me about that.
There was nothing I could do about that.
I thought that you should read these documents.
I knew you'd do what we asked.
They soon realized they were trapped.
You're like a broken record.
He lost the key to his hotel room.
You sound like an old man.
James sold his car to Alice for three hundred dollars.
That must be fun.
There's a possibility that'll happen.
Joe is going to lend a hand as well.
I told Jacob what Mary had to do.
Oscar deserved to be happy.
If anyone else did these things, their political career would be finished.
Tommy thought Alice didn't drive a car.
Charlie said he hopes that Julia won't be late.
She is as beautiful as her mother is.
Neither Harry nor Catherine has gone fishing recently.
Please let me do that for you.
The office has been transferred up to the sixth floor.
I know Harry is almost always busy.
Do you want me to bring you some water?
Are there movies in an airplane?
Have you met the new girl?
He's three years older than her.
This sentence is true.
He's always been living in Tokyo.
Most people here don't understand French.
Charlie isn't there.
Aren't you on the team?
Eva was just happy to talk to someone.
Lying is second nature to him.
William didn't need to leave in such a hurry.
Tell William.
I spoke to Jack about what Anna did.
Tommy said that he wouldn't let it happen again.
She said she wouldn't be gone long.
Oscar's death was ruled a suicide.
Do you think that James will likely win?
You should tell Jacob you won't do that.
Don't trust what he says.
I know I'm dying.
I don't like it when Harry stays out late at night.
He told me that his house was haunted.
I'm looking for a new hobby.
I spoke with Tommy after class.
Oliver often tells people I'm his wife.
George forgot the address.
Harry seemed to be very suspicious.
Charlie didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.
Muhammad was planning on killing someone.
I know that William didn't do that right.
I can't survive here alone.
Did you know that was happening?
William doesn't drink wine.
Put the book on the bottom shelf.
Jack has been taught to do that.
My knees feel like butter.
That was a big surprise, wasn't it?
He said he was worried.
Why were you in such a hurry?
William and Monica had no choice but to ask John to help them.
Have him wait a moment.
He does well considering that he has no experience.
Jami and Monica are arguing about something.
Put away your wallet.
I want to give you these.
That's the same way we do that.
Don't kill me, please.
No one informed me of his failure.
Harry has been doing the same job for many years.
Alex and Catherine are already rich enough to buy anything they want.
Here's a photograph of Jami.
I know I can't do that as well as you can.
I'm surprised that Muhammad turned down such a good offer.
Look out your window.
I thought that George wasn't in Australia.
I doubt that Tommy will admit that he was wrong.
He came near to being run over.
Don't ask me that.
Lucy says that she didn't win.
I like to hit Jami on the head.
Jacob has never seen Eva naked.
Muhammad said Carmen would win and she did.
He is busy all the time.
Harry and Laur don't know that John doesn't like them.
Look up at the sky.
She is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability.
I'm not skinny.
I didn't know I needed to do that with George.
Tommy said Carmen is fine.
We'll have breakfast at eight o'clock.
I don't know how noodles are made.
Oscar isn't married to the same woman he was married to that last time I met him.
Having heard the story before, she didn't want to hear it again.
Do Oscar and Alice still have it?
"I need to talk to you. It's urgent." "Tell me, I'm listening."
Have you told everyone when the meeting will be?
Does he still have a temperature?
This is a love song.
Have you figured out the math problem yet?
Do you have any idea how many hours Tommy will do that?
Are you ready to celebrate?
Ask him whether she is at home or not.
Harry said that's just not true.
Did Facebook play a major role in the Arab Spring?
If he did not watch so much television, he would have more time for study.
William hates you.
I need to do that before Oliver and Julia get here.
It's hard to get along with Dan.
He carried out all his promises.
Maybe we should've listened to George.
Keep it up, guys.
Neither Jami nor Laur has been teaching very long.
Jami said it would be OK to do this.
It's just around the corner.
He's already finished his lunch.
Muhammad will always love you.
I asked Carmen for her keys.
What's Joe so curious about?
Oscar and Olivia are better off without you.
I plan to go to Boston the month after next.
You're probably upset with me.
I never had to worry about Oscar.
Would you please show some regard for others?
There's a rock in my shoe.
I'm not saying this to hurt you, but it's the truth.
Let's quit talking about this.
Would you guys just shut up already?
Jacob doesn't think he'll do that.
What else is on today's agenda?
Muhammad seems angry.
Jacob is working at the new restaurant on Park Street.
Jami left half an hour ago.
Oscar wasn't sure what to think.
I thought that the best thing would be to tell James myself.
Like most problems, this will eventually be solved, I think.
I'm very tired today, so I went to bed earlier.
I like to write songs in French.
Eva looks like she's in a lot of pain.
Catherine didn't tell anyone what she was planning to do.
I thought Jacob and Emma weren't hungry.
Harry will be too scared to do that.
It may not have been as difficult to do that as Tommy said it was.
George said that he wished that he hadn't suggested to Alice that she do that.
She bought a shirt for him.
Are you Alice's husband?
There are all kinds of flowers in that garden.
Jacob and Lucy said they aren't making a lot of money.
Eva told me that she thought Charlie could probably do that.
I did that the way you suggested.
Both Adam and Emma are very worried.
Maybe Oscar is afraid to fight.
Joe thought that Carmen looked nervous doing that.
I have to go see what James wants.
Margaret wants me to coach her.
I know everything about it.
Don't tell tales out of school.
"Why are you throwing books in the fire?" "Because I'm cold."
Do tell me what he said.
The police found drugs in Alex's house.
Julia didn't want to make a fool of herself.
I just need to see Charlie.
Neither Jami nor Monica want to go to Australia.
While staying in Paris, I happened to meet him.
There's no sign of them.
Harry is down with the flu.
Oscar is scared of me.
Anna didn't seem very sure of herself.
Oliver hates to admit he's a member of the older generation.
I didn't arrive until the party was over.
William and Valentina told me they enjoyed it.
They should be here soon.
Alex and I know why you did that.
I'm not as young as you think I am.
I wasn't prepared for what happened.
George just got a tattoo.
A man with a big bank account can't be ugly at all.
Catherine is in love, isn't she?
When can we get together?
The fire burnt ten houses down.
Oliver hardly believed his eyes.
I don't think I need to worry about Joe anymore.
He threatened to kill himself.
You could still do that in a nicer way.
I thought I had it all.
He saw his home-town again only after ten years.
The concert was incredible.
Lucy told me she wanted a lawyer.
What's your favorite radio station?
I've already told Oliver and Eva they have to leave early.
Every time I read this novel, I find it very interesting.
Are you learning German?
I think James and Valentina have both done that.
What am I supposed to do if Muhammad and Margaret come?
George and I sat on the ground.
Bring her home.
Tommy is going back to Boston soon.
Consider me your friend.
I loved Boston.
I'll come visit you tomorrow.
There's a possibility that I'll be the one who has to do that.
Muhammad has already been here once today.
Muhammad works for the FBI.
Can you spare me a few minutes of your valuable time?
Wow, you totally look like an artist.
There is no topic I am more passionate about than this one.
They're a lot like I was at their age.
The battery is flat.
I'm very well indeed, thank you.
You're my lovely little baby.
I think I'll throw some of my old clothes away.
Oscar and Anna told me that they'd help us.
They say they'll go there by themselves.
James asked us to wait.
Harry told us that we could buy a ticket at the door.
Tommy is the only person who really knows what happened.
Where do you buy your clothes?
The driver is OK.
We don't want to talk about it.
He has a split personality.
A guard is outside.
Susie won't likely try to do that on her own.
Charlie knows that Valentina didn't cry.
He was passing by on his bicycle when he heard a cry for help.
I go to see my friend in hospital every other day.
Charlie will leave the company at the end of the year.
She told me she was glad to see me.
You don't look too surprised.
James doesn't seem to trust anyone.
It looks like Oliver wants to go to bed.
You may rise.
Indeed she is not beautiful, but she is good-natured.
I had to stop Tommy.
You'll never guess what Alex bought.
I took one class, but I've found that real-life experience is much more useful.
I told Alex you'd probably enjoy doing that.
There was no one inside the house.
That isn't a dog.
You seem tense.
It's super easy!
"What about the girls, my son?" "Oh, dad."
Are you sure he can do this?
He has spoken Spanish.
George told me Susie has been living in Boston for three years.
Why are you angry with me?
How hard would that be?
Adam said he'd do anything for Lucy.
These are the shoes I bought last week.
I saw that report.
Are you and Jack both baseball fans?
George knows why Monica agreed to do that.
Kiss me, Jami.
I thought that's what you would have wanted.
We weren't tired at all.
Oliver has found an interesting way to make money.
I wish none of this ever happened.
This key doesn't work in this lock.
Joe made a wrong turn.
Does Alex have any brothers and sisters?
I didn't want to do what George told me to do.
Unlike you, I don't make fun of people in public.
Can any of you tell me where Tommy is?
Alex told everyone that he was suspicious.
Margaret is a baseball fan, isn't she?
We can't leave them behind.
She is a good teacher, as teachers go.
Harry likes to watch sports on TV.
I'm going to have to cancel my appointment.
I'm sort of in a hurry.
I can't call him.
Jacob doesn't think Catherine will be alone.
Harry would be furious if he knew.
I am quite in agreement with your analysis.
Dig faster.
Tommy doesn't like listening to sports on the radio.
You'll look into it for us, won't you?
Alex doesn't seem to be an easy-going person.
We did everything for the welfare of our children.
I'd like to know why George should do that.
Do you still have a house in Boston?
You should've kissed Jami.
You're avoiding me, aren't you?
I thought that it might be fun, so I went to Jack's party.
She counted her change.
Carmen doesn't want to call her lawyer.
Jacob told me that he didn't get enough sleep.
I know how to swim, but I don't like to.
Julia said that she knew how to win.
Australia is sure a great place to live.
I don't think Jami would let you drive his car.
Life gets really simple once you cut out all the bullshit they teach you in school.
James and Eva took out their cameras.
Oliver is heading our way.
There's no fire.
Drop by sometime!
Catherine told me that she was very busy.
Oscar tried to hide the truth.
Lucy told me that she knew you.
I think I can explain what's going on.
I didn't think that we'd need to ask Harry to help us do that.
Joe isn't actually going to eat that, is he?
Adam says he plans on being in Australia next weekend.
Never mind that right now.
I don't think Oliver is going to do that tomorrow.
Harry says he thinks that isn't going to happen.
Adam called this morning.
Please show me the path to the bus stop.
Wild animals live in the forest.
That was difficult at first.
What have they done to her?
I'll show you how it works.
Let's sing some English songs together.
Oscar did exactly what I told him to do.
They didn't want me to sit by them.
Charlie and Julia said that the box was too heavy to lift by themselves.
Jacob has lost both his job and his house.
The mountains look nicer from a distance.
I've got a lot on my mind.
Who runs things here?
He made a close analysis of the situation.
You can't change Jack.
Oliver and Olivia wished they hadn't asked John to teach them how to do that.
I knew Jacob was in the kitchen, cooking.
Adam and Olivia's marriage only lasted three months.
I wonder if Joe is frightened.
Go see him.
George will buy Valentina that.
Tommy and Olivia have finally realized that they've been doing that the wrong way.
I wonder whether Joe does that as well as Emma does.
That won't ever happen.
Does that make a difference?
Let's delay this decision until tomorrow.
Jacob runs as fast as you.
Oliver didn't know it was impossible, so he tried doing it.
Joe and Mary said they didn't see anyone else.
How long will that be?
I was never good at math.
Muhammad showed us a picture of his girlfriend.
You look as if it were none of your business.
She gave me something.
George has nothing to complain about.
"That's an unusual hobby she's got, the transfer student." "She's cute so it's fine with me."
The Japanese yen rose.
I wasn't cooking anything.
Is that really what you want to ask?
You shouldn't let George push you around.
We'll have to build a pen for the pigs.
You hope George won't do that, don't you?
You should let Adam know you want to drive.
I'm the office manager of a small law firm.
James wore an embarrassing costume.
I'm sure Muhammad will be safe.
If at least two people are great, then no one is the only great person.
I've heard the French version of this song.
I think it might rain tonight.
Susie can't cook as well as her mother.
We didn't plan this.
How is it that he solved the problem?
It's quite likely that Tommy will be late.
Oliver won't likely be better at doing that than Valentina is.
Do you remember what Tommy looked like before the plastic surgery?
Where is the waiter?
I told George what should be done.
James told me that he thought that Susie didn't want to go to Boston.
You didn't ruin your clothing.
This book is worth reading over and over again.
Please tell Olivia that she doesn't need to do that.
I wish that I didn't have to do that.
I think anything James can do, I can do.
What kind of treatment did Alex receive?
I don't hang out with her.
She taught me how to swim.
We can do nothing but wait for a while until the seats are available.
They accepted that.
I met a woman who knows us.
You'll never guess who I ran into in town today.
I didn't notice what time it was that William left.
Every day I learn something new about the world around me.
Muhammad is desperate to find Anna.
Now, the situation is out of hand.
Everybody has problems with Harry.
He didn't explain it at all.
I can't stop here.
This is turning out to be a long evening.
Zip it! Not another word!
He needs to leave.
I never actually studied French.
Well, that's what Charlie said.
I somehow understand your feelings.
I got excited.
That's exactly what it means!
I can testify to that.
We really need to do that.
Save your breath, Jami.
There's a possibility that Jack will be busy all day tomorrow.
They're on their way.
It was real.
I have two cars.
Adam wasn't in Boston, but Emma was.
Is James planning on doing that today?
Alex probably doesn't know much about sports.
George and Laur said they're really glad they didn't do that.
I never want to go back to Australia again.
Get me another lawyer.
I wonder who drew this.
Eva promised that she'd wait for us.
We will have a math class tomorrow.
Let's stay together. It'll be safer that way.
There is no way of knowing where he is.
You should come over this evening for dinner.
In order to share it, we'll have to tear it into two pieces.
Oscar did that eventually.
I finally escaped.
Take your coat.
William won't lose.
I might tell you everything.
How long will you be staying?
They said they didn't like beer.
Why did you go there without me?
I'm surprised that she did such a thing.
My niece is the daughter of my sister.
I don't think James is good-looking, but he's a nice guy.
Why are Harry and Monica downstairs?
I threw the paper into the flames.
Wake Valentina up.
Oscar and Anna planned to go by themselves.
The milk tasted sour.
I'm painting Easter eggs.
How much of this did you drink?
I must put my ideas together before I take up my pen.
You can be anything you want to be when you grow up.
I'm sorry I had to cancel our date.
Tommy said that Valentina was in Boston.
Are they afraid of something?
Hold it.
"Do you love me?" "I don't know."
He said he'd clean up this mess.
You don't listen to me.
Where did Muhammad run off to?
"You don't get on well with your father?" "..." "Sorry, that was none of my business."
He is getting along with his neighborhood.
I got on the bus and the driver closed the door.
Only then did I realize what he meant.
Tommy likes to speak French.
James thinks Laur is worried.
I thought that you knew me better than that.
Jami is furious, but Mary isn't.
I'll check on that right away.
My sister can play the piano better than I can.
You've been very mean to Joe.
I didn't ask you to do that.
I didn't know Adam told Laur he wasn't going to do that.
Carmen and her sister took turns at looking after their sick mother.
Maybe I should have done this sooner.
I leave for Australia tomorrow afternoon.
I think that William was offended.
If you don't want George and Laur here, ask them to leave.
You're famous now.
Let's organize a search party.
It is three o'clock right now.
You've got company.
George couldn't bear to look at the dog he'd just run over with his car.
This is hilarious.
George recognized Laur's glasses.
Alex and Catherine promised me they'd help me clean my room.
My son-in-law works at an insurance company.
James said he'd definitely do that.
Jacob said that isn't the only reason he wanted to do that.
Joe wondered whether he should let Eva go or not.
William and Eva agreed to meet in the lobby.
I don't want to play.
I do not want to drink your tea.
Adam says he's thinking about becoming a cook.
I can't even.
Alex may have to do that again.
Beware of the double standards.
I need to get myself a good lawyer.
Drive slowly.
Do we have to tell him?
I want to give William something special.
My bike was stolen.
I'm surprised Charlie didn't show up at Mary's party.
Harry is someone I really look up to.
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.
Tommy is trying to figure out a way to do that.
I assume that you've had breakfast.
Stop acting.
Did anybody call you?
Jacob should be curious.
We need to get a blood sample.
He's in the hospital.
I don't care about the price.
Valentina is a college student, isn't she?
Tell Alex that I'm going to do that today.
To tell the truth, I've forgotten his name.
I bet Jami forgot.
I was stupid enough to believe Alex.
I knew you were going to say that.
Charlie was starting to feel desperate.
There's some more in the cooler.
I thought that that was very interesting.
James didn't want to tell Emma anything.
The baby did nothing but cry.
I'm not going to say that.
"Listen to me! Listen!" "I have. Now sit down and don't open your filthy mouth again."
Olivia said that she'd pay the bill.
I looked at the clock on the wall.
You might be in danger.
Adam surprised us all when he got up to sing.
Mary says she did not mean to kill him.
The police asked the criminal to give up his gun.
William said he isn't sure that Valentina can do that.
Oliver sat in the car, watching people walking by.
Who was the man who did that yesterday?
I want to write a book.
It is strange that you should fail.
They said that they should've done that.
I thought that you said that you're tried doing that three times.
He was so ill, the doctor gave up on him.
George knows that Catherine went to Australia.
Oscar was sophisticated.
Those who keeps early hour will live long.
I'm getting used to eating alone.
There wasn't a German teacher in our village school.
I should've stayed in school.
I'm hungry. What about you?
I couldn't buy it.
I have to tell her.
This is my favorite restaurant in Boston.
But for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
What was your favorite toy when you were a child?
Both of them seem suspicious.
I've seen the movie twice from start to finish.
Unfortunately, Jami is already engaged.
William pressed one of the buttons.
That doesn't make good television.
It tastes good.
Why don't you let Adam know you don't want to do that?
If Jack isn't going to go, I won't either.
Is this your first visit to Australia?
You should consider not doing that anymore.
I don't want to get a dog.
You're still very beautiful.
They exhausted all the resources of the country.
She suggested that we go to the theater.
Charlie let Mary kiss him.
How did you come up with the idea?
Please speak French.
William isn't fit to be a teacher.
I've already taken the garbage out.
Joe didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
I'm Adam's younger brother.
Mary had to think for herself.
George would've done that if Julia hadn't.
It must be really bad.
I'm calling from Boston.
Harry knows everything Eva is saying is true.
What time do you walk the dog?
I hope I don't need to do that today.
You can still get that finished before 2:30.
Press and wait for green.
She read a story to her.
You knew Valentina said she wouldn't do that, didn't you?
I want you to work for me.
Oscar gave me a dozen cookies in a plastic bag.
Muhammad wasn't one of us.
Look up the number in the telephone book.
I like to give gifts.
This restaurant won't do.
I knew that I might not need to do that anymore.
It took three hours to put the broken toy together.
I hope not.
It seems that everyone's having fun.
I admitted that I didn't do what I promised to do.
Did you know that Joe would be here this week?
We did not know what fish to catch first.
I thought that I'd get some sleep.
I want this more than anything in the world.
If Jami and Mary had more money, they'd do that.
I hate sweets.
This will give you a rough idea.
When did he arrive here?
I need to speak to them now.
Lucy told me that she'd be back.
I thought that Jack would agree.
It's a wonderful opportunity.
I'll keep it.
She tries to keep up with what is going on in the world.
We had a lot of problems yesterday.
Are you willing to do that?
This door is locked from the inside.
Charlie didn't slow down.
They said they're ready for the test.
I don't want to deal with what happened.
Our teacher seemed surprised.
I'll stay until something happens.
Aren't you glad that Jacob did that?
William didn't want these.
I don't see Jacob a whole lot.
I don't think I'll ever meet him.
Joe said he had something important to do this afternoon.
Catherine doesn't feel we're helping her enough.
I know that William is a little like his father.
She should apologize.
She's your friend.
Which of your parents do you take after in character?
Happiness is real only when shared.
She has hundreds of books.
She's pleased at his success.
George won't find anybody who'll help him do that.
No taking photos.
We probably should've gone to Joe's party.
No one but me is allowed to do that!
Catherine said she'd play tennis with us.
I can drive myself.
Jami is a lot shorter than I am.
Make it a little bigger.
Oliver is a pastor.
Oliver is probably still jealous.
That sounds good!
I know that Adam is a good detective.
Charlie and Carmen are determined to find out why that happened.
He was in tears.
They claim they've done that.
Jacob said he thought that Emma's punishment was appropriate.
When did Oscar return from Boston?
Does it look bad?
How did you and your wife meet?
Jack would never try to do that by himself.
She went to Europe via America.
Lucy got fired from her job.
I'm glad Jacob didn't lie.
Harry thought Olivia had eaten breakfast.
Call him if the message is important.
I beg for your forgiveness.
He says that he studies French.
William grew up in the same orphanage as Carmen did.
They said they had to split.
Muhammad said that Carmen hasn't been punished for doing that.
Olivia is a terrible driver, isn't she?
Charlie doesn't want you to do that.
I think Joe used to be a soldier.
How long will you be in Korea?
That's true for every day but one.
He didn't come to the last meeting.
You'll suffer because of that.
I thought it was a mistake to tell Jami where we buried the treasure.
She said that she liked it.
We'll bring her.
You think James won't really do that, don't you?
I don't think I can cut in working in America.
They told me they found their keys.
Such was her anger that she was lost for words.
Can I have your cellphone number?
I think James and Laur aren't the first ones to do that.
Muhammad says he'd never kiss Carmen.
I was asked to look into the matter.
I'm not used to this cold weather.
I could be in Boston next Monday if you need me there.
If you want Valentina's help, you'll have to ask her for it.
William reminds me of someone I used to know.
What fruit do you like the best?
I was told that you know Charlie's telephone number.
James was afraid Lucy wouldn't notice him.
She said she wanted a new car.
How long did it take Charlie to do that?
We've all got to start somewhere.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
She shot her.
I will trust you with one secret.
Alex was so positive.
Don't worry. I'll be back in time to help you get ready for your party.
I hope I never have to go back to Boston.
Joe is likely to be arrested.
They said that they got back home on Monday.
What has Muhammad been up to?
I just can't believe you're planning to go to Boston with George.
I do that because I have to.
Can I trust you?
It's his first day at school.
There's only one way Muhammad will ever do that.
Jack seemed to know that method.
George said Olivia could speak French.
Catherine said she could help us today.
I'm beginning to see that it's going to be impossible.
Jacob makes more money than I do.
Anna has psychic powers.
Do you promise me that you'll do that?
William doesn't even live in Boston anymore.
I've never heard of such a strange story.
I can't 100% guarantee that I'll do that.
Do you know what I want?
I didn't think you had any other choice.
This is simply a lie!
You will love your neighbour as you love yourself.
Did Harry show you anything else?
She was listening to music.
Charlie said he was really glad Olivia was able do that.
He was wearing his new hat.
I thought Alex was jealous.
Make sure you wash your hands well.
"What are you laughing at?" "Your face."
There must be another way out.
I want to sleep a little bit.
I've had my share of problems.
I would be happy to be of any service to you.
How nice of you to come!
George is a cold-hearted murderer.
She worked at the cost of her health.
Olivia looked like she was shocked.
I'm not going to worry about it.
I hope I don't die in a car accident.
She says she wants to help us.
I'm taking Muhammad to the park.
I've had this for years.
He told me I was cute.
I wonder whether Muhammad is really supposed to do that.
Muhammad took one look at the teacher's face and he knew he was in trouble.
Joe and Valentina claim they weren't the ones who did that.
We're starving.
I came here to see if there was something I could do to help, but there doesn't seem to be anything for me to do.
I think Oliver and Lucy have done that at least one time.
George and Mary aren't that poor.
I'll never forget the day we first met.
Do you have something in mind?
Jami's cat is fighting with Julia's cat.
I was waiting.
Farmers work hard in the winter, too.
I promise I won't tell anyone where it is.
He says he won't do that for you.
She is nothing to him.
Alex said that he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Margaret what had happened.
Margaret should start her own company.
I watched TV only to waste an hour.
Women love lies, men love lying.
I thought Charlie didn't know how to do that.
Charlie and I are still studying French.
It's bigger than any other dog in this town.
I think that Jack is feeling a little stressed.
The school supplies the students with books.
Jack is making a success of his business.
I have three hundred dollars in cash.
Eva is on the swim team.
Emma is a little young for you, isn't she?
I know that I'm in big trouble now.
Jami definitely would've liked you.
Alice has already told Jack what she wants to do.
Could you give me some change for this ten dollar bill?
That's sweet of you.
Let us also hear the other side.
That child has a very large head.
She is very exact in her job.
It's raining where Oscar and Emma are.
I said Tommy looked tired.
Adam waited for Laur, but she didn't come.
I knew you'd be able to do that.
Japanese cars sell well overseas.
I should've listened to George's advice.
Do you want a drink or not?
It's high time to get a motorcycle.
To do him justice, he is not a bad man.
Muhammad asked me if I was happy or not.
I'm working on another project now.
To learn the answer you must know a little about the magnetic field around the world.
We're the only ones here who know French.
I hate running.
She told me that she won't do that.
They fell asleep wrapped up in each other's arms.
He sold his old car to me.
Susie cut her finger.
Alex is still not here, is he?
Doing that here is illegal.
I couldn't just drive off and leave you.
Alex is old enough to do that on his own, I think.
To this point, I've been unable to find a map of the region.
We have something very important that we need to discuss.
How do you think you'll be affected by the budget?
You're a lot shorter than Muhammad and Catherine are.
He said he'd try doing that.
William said that he thought Anna was a good cook.
I wish I had a car like Harry's.
Tommy and I aren't going to do that.
I promised to give her this.
Why did George tear the letter into pieces?
You must make room for the television.
My uncle lives in Germany.
Did you threaten them?
On the back of the truck one can read the warning "Keep your distance."
He is the right man for the job.
It would have been better if you hadn't said that.
James said that he doesn't think that Valentina can stop John from doing that.
She felt herself being lifted up.
Please don't do that unless I tell you to.
William and Carmen said they didn't know how to solve the problem.
I didn't learn how to do that until I was thirty.
I just read a really good book.
I'm not saying that we can't win. I'm just saying it's not likely.
They admitted they cried.
Why is this door open?
The teacher came in late.
George picked up his guitar and headed for the stage.
That would be hard.
I can't see you anymore.
Olivia is still on the team, isn't she?
I'm not thinking about it.
George and Carmen said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Jacob has indeed found something.
The light in Oliver's room is on.
Take another picture.
I spent the rest of the night beside her.
He'll be taking an exam next week.
Joe told me that he got there first.
Shouldn't that count for something?
I told James who Julia went to Australia with.
I knew Oscar was the one who was supposed to show Anna how to do that.
It's a big universe.
His wealth got him into the club.
I didn't deny that I was the one who did that.
We're not the enemy.
What kind of a person are you?
I didn't think Jami would make a very good husband.
How do you know it's not a trap?
Joe and Valentina say they spoke French last week.
I want everything to go back to normal.
Stop right there, I said.
I've been in Boston since Monday morning.
He decided to have the operation.
I was shocked to see that.
He wants me to approach it with care.
Jami treats me like a princess.
She said she never agreed to do that.
What's the real reason?
We must've taken the wrong road.
Every challenge is an opportunity.
I'm sending you $12 on my order No. 2345 by check.
There's a traffic jam on the highway.
It's already too late for that.
James looks thoughtful.
Mary said that she wanted revenge.
Tell me your names.
Tommy has been suffering a lot.
We can't let ourselves to be fooled.
Be good to yourself.
I'm coming to you.
Do you like to fish?
Emma said she thought she was the only one who needed to do that.
Jack isn't buying a word of it.
Adam hopes Olivia knows she shouldn't do what John is asking her to do.
James and Carmen are currently living in Boston.
I don't expect that to happen anytime soon.
Jacob said that he knew that they might not let him do that at school.
They knew that they could win.
Oliver said that Margaret is worried about John.
I don't know whether to go away or to stay where I am.
No one will know this song!
I have to get something of mine.
I wouldn't ever really do that where I live.
Charlie used to come here once a month.
I'll go to bed before 10 pm.
I tried to avoid him as much as possible.
What else can William and Anna do?
I've got to see her.
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
Who's that cute girl?
You have gained weight.
I wanted to be aggressive.
I feel like you don't really care about me.
I know you did that.
Oscar hasn't yet admitted he did that.
James and Monica are planning on staying in Australia until October.
"Did you like my apartment?" "Yes, it is very comfortable."
I should've listened to my mother.
The street lights went on.
A woman George didn't know approached him.
I thought that you said you weren't attracted to Adam.
I don't have a TV.
I don't think I need to be here any longer.
Tommy will be coming over this afternoon.
I'm almost finished doing that.
Adam has been here as long as I can remember.
Where is the highest point on earth?
Jack said he didn't have to do that right now.
Both Charlie and Mary are happy.
The boy who's swimming over there with Olivia is my younger brother.
Is Muhammad still in school?
James fell asleep on my couch.
I don't know what possessed me to do that.
I want to go by train.
You must come at once.
Does it look infected?
William is coming over for dinner tonight.
George already knows Alice wants to do that.
I waited for the answer but nobody answered.
Jacob is probably still lonely.
Aren't you ever going to sleep?
What's it going to take to persuade you?
It wasn't long before I got a call from Tommy.
What colour were they?
Jack could get injured if he tried to do that.
Laur told me she was hoping to get into Harvard.
"Are you two really dating?" "Sort of."
Jack wanted to be the one who did that for Eva.
Jack is likely to lie to Anna about where he spent the weekend.
I had no one but myself to blame.
I was home last night.
Emma said she doesn't want to do that on her own.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
I had no idea Jack was Lucy's husband.
You looked like you were miserable.
Jami isn't the one in charge.
George said you're a better singer than Emma is.
Who's her father?
Has this ever been done before?
I've already told Adam what he has to do.
Muhammad went back to Boston yesterday.
Try to open the door.
I don't think that I could ever live in Australia.
That doesn't any make sense.
Don't tip it over.
Alex said that he isn't sure that Laur can swim.
Joe and Mary want you to do that for them.
Jami and Susie are drinking.
I'm not so simple as to believe you.
Alex isn't young anymore.
Not everyone here can speak French.
I knew that Charlie couldn't speak French.
Harry has really helped a lot of people.
Nobody knew where Oliver was.
He spilled soup on his shirt.
As soon as I have it, I'll forward it to you.
Mr White is doing very well so far.
Do you think you can do that without getting yourselves killed?
It's going to happen, but just not anytime soon.
Jacob wondered where Carmen was and what she was doing.
That place is open to everybody.
Laur cleaned out her bedroom closet.
I think this word is no longer used.
Margaret wouldn't tell me why she didn't do that.
Jack told me that I wouldn't be able to do that.
She was on the point of leaving.
She came around to my house.
I don't want to know anything about that.
I need him alive.
James can probably tell you where Olivia is.
We need his help.
Did Harry purchase it?
Food will be available.
Muhammad said that he doesn't really want that to happen.
I asked her to open the door.
I am not dead, but that doesn't stop me from being food.
I'm short of money.
Adam deserves a reward for that.
Joe and Anna say they don't plan to do that by themselves.
What do you propose?
We won't be able to finish this job today.
I think you might've been proud of George.
You'll ask her, won't you?
George and I got along very well.
Joe should've gotten home by now.
We knew it was going to be tough.
I understand that Jack and Julia do that.
I can't see anything. You're standing in the way.
I don't know what will happen next year.
I hope nothing goes wrong.
I, gay, view my heart.
That's the reason I started studying French.
Hasn't Tommy come home yet?
Listen and choose the best answer.
Tommy suggested that we study French.
If the symptoms get worse, you'll have to consult a medical professional.
George wasn't able to do what we asked.
Many trees were cut down.
How can one live without pork?
He told me he'd leave soon.
I don't think James and Carmen are qualified.
I play computer games.
Jack and Emma said that they weren't guilty.
Are you sure you don't need any help?
The paper I need is on my desk at home.
Harry said that Catherine probably couldn't do that without his help.
Of course, she was right in the middle.
Muhammad explained the purpose of the project to Alice.
France and Spain have a common border.
Do you watch television?
I really miss you a lot!
Oscar told me that he would go to Boston.
I haven't called the police yet.
Where should I put these books?
Since I had a cold, I didn't go to school.
I like working here.
Which film did you see?
Oscar didn't drive.
Alex and Monica were sitting at the kitchen table, talking.
It is good to see you.
You know how to swim, don't you?
What part of my explanation didn't you understand?
I've already told Oliver that I don't plan to do that.
I've been really tired all day.
I know that I'll be punished for doing that.
I have three sons.
Your role here is so important.
Albert is quick at learning.
The airport is closed.
I know that you won't disappoint me.
Tommy cried because he was so happy.
You speak.
Are you in this picture?
I don't understand why all of these are necessary.
Try to keep up.
Look someplace else.
He told me he couldn't breathe.
We don't know that for a fact.
I know it wasn't them.
Tell her I said hi.
Jami realized there was no way he'd be able to do that without some help.
That coat looks good on Adam.
William and Alice are close relatives.
Charlie and Emma said that they didn't feel tired.
Did Joe force you not to do that?
Do you think Jack made a right decision?
I told Adam not to waste his time trying to convince Susie to do that.
Oliver watches TV all the time.
I'm impressed by how well you speak French.
I know I was supposed to do that.
You had better go at once.
Jacob is somewhere here in the park.
This book gives a good picture of life in America during the Civil War.
I felt a certain anxiety in my chest.
Oliver was the one who did this for you.
This information must not fall into enemy hands.
He's got a joker.
We should read at least one book a month.
Her purse is the same color as her shoes.
Jack probably doesn't know who did that to Alice.
I will attend the party only if Alice will not.
I'm absolutely sure I did nothing wrong.
Jami ended up not buying the car he was looking at last week.
Could you arrange to be here at five?
He's already sleeping.
Why do you always do that to me?
My suitcase isn't where I left it.
How often do you wash your clothes?
There's something I want you to hear.
I don't have any clothes on.
This is a no-swimming zone.
I didn't think what Jacob said made any sense.
She was right the first time.
Joe already left.
Jacob said that he didn't have any bad habits.
You were very happy.
I quit my job.
Nobody knows the truth.
She is extremely patient.
I don't want to eat with you.
Jacob is intelligent, isn't he?
Alex couldn't hear it, but Susie could.
It's way too big.
George ate alone.
I found that hard to do.
I didn't know that I'd hurt anybody.
There were various articles in the room.
James's girlfriend is older than mine.
You have to get up at the crack of dawn.
How many songs did Tommy and Laur sing together?
Rain is the water that falls from the clouds.
That kind of machine is yet to be invented.
James asked Lucy to say a few words.
Is there a cheaper way to do that?
Alex didn't want Alice to come to the party.
She turned pale with fear.
For more information, get in touch with us.
I don't think it's going to happen.
I'm sure both Oliver and Catherine are OK.
Oscar was taken advantage of by Anna.
Maybe you can tell me where I can find Jacob.
I had to stop them.
Muhammad told me it was too hard for him to do that.
I wasn't wearing socks, so my feet got cold.
Oscar doesn't like it when people park in front of his house.
I can't lie to them.
So Noah went out, he and his sons: his wife, and the wives of his sons with him.
Alice told me she'd wait until we got there.
She told me that she's suspicious.
I heard everything you said.
You're expected to do that, too.
William and Alice don't know they're not supposed to do that anymore.
Neither Tommy nor Emma has a chance of winning.
Muhammad and Alice haven't yet realized that they've made mistake.
They serve food there.
Alex should talk to me.
My father is to go to London on business.
Alex is hiding something from you.
Children want to hear the same story over and over again.
We'll make camp near the lake.
I know you don't often do that in the morning.
The convention opened as planned.
It's all very confusing.
I don't think William wants to do that.
Muhammad can take anything he wants.
I've already explained that to Adam.
I just say what William tells me to say.
Don't tell me you don't know anything about that.
You can have as much as you want.
I knew that Jami was a busy man.
I should've become a teacher.
We walked ten miles that day.
You could've let me know you were going to be late.
In most sports the team that practice hardest usually brings home the bacon.
Thank you for helping me do that.
It'll be OK.
I wonder whether or not Jacob wants to go to Australia with us.
What you said made me angry.
It follows from this that the company is not responsible for the accident.
The doctor told George to stay in bed and get as much rest as he could.
You think I really needed to do that, don't you?
Tommy didn't seem to be in any pain.
Jacob was the unlucky one.
I'm going back to Australia tomorrow.
Jack wrote poems when he was in high school.
Do you mind much?
They checked how pure the water was.
Jack never lived in Boston.
The boy wearing the purple baseball cap is Charlie.
She transferred from the bus to the subway.
He said he needed to do that.
It is remarkable for her not to understand.
The tall woman is beautiful.
This is Christmas!
Joe is the one who broke the window.
Mr Long and Mr Smith spoke to each other.
You never seem to be interested in going anywhere.
It got dark, and what was worse, it began to rain.
It is necessary for you to think about your life.
Muhammad knows he's got to do that today.
I'm surprised you didn't know that Jack didn't have to do that.
I didn't agree to go to Australia with Oscar.
I've been sick for a very long time.
Raise your leg.
To think what we do not feel is to lie to ourselves, in the same way that we lie to others when we say what we do not think.
You are not a child anymore.
Please don't start that again.
She said she wasn't coming.
You have to be extra careful around Tommy.
Help yourself.
Oscar may be right.
Catherine took her children to the park.
Tell her not to come.
We'll help you look for her.
I'm calling Boston.
That's a little weird.
I wonder what they're planning.
If I had known your email address, I would've written.
Charlie had a lot more money than Catherine.
You could've said no.
Come on Monday afternoon, if possible.
Joe and Monica said they were prepared.
Tommy knows very little about Australia.
It smells like fish.
They must've arrived home by this time.
Don't tell them you're a cop.
You're so mean, James!
You drink too much!
Harry knew he didn't have to do that.
This room isn't large enough.
Here's a copy.
I really wish you wouldn't do that.
She says she's not tired yet.
Tommy and John are dating sisters.
Can I get a copy of that?
I didn't mean to say that you couldn't join us.
Anna looked well the last time I saw her.
Muhammad will be there this afternoon.
I think everyone knows this one is true!
They said they didn't do that anymore.
I hope you're not hurt.
I think Harry might get fired.
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?
Where did you end up going?
Loving is the essence of life.
What will become of the child?
What do you want to watch?
I would like to introduce myself.
I think that Joe is going to die.
I don't think Jacob wanted to do that.
What was she thinking?
It was pretty scary.
Clouds sail across the sky.
Oliver is getting ready to leave for Boston.
He is short but strong.
I think Adam is still living in Boston.
I told them I agreed with them.
Just don't laugh.
I don't think that we really need to do that.
Try not to disturb her.
She has an important air about her.
Jacob has two brothers. Both of them are doctors.
It may seem obvious to Adam, but it doesn't seem obvious to me.
You can't force me to do anything I don't want to do.
I come to Boston about once a month.
No one else spoke.
I know that Jacob doesn't know why Laur didn't do that.
There's nothing left to be done.
He brought his daughter to work.
I had to push my bicycle home.
James doesn't have time right now to help you.
George looks like he's half asleep.
Do you believe most of what you read and see in the news?
I have to face reality.
He's writing.
He says he never taught French.
I'm trying to calm her down.
Tommy said that he watched TV for three hours last night.
I worry too much.
Nobody is being refused service.
I am married and I have two sons.
James's house has a big backyard with a large oak tree.
They say they enjoy speaking French.
I don't remember sending that text.
Roll the ball to me.
Oscar isn't going to go away.
I heard that both Charlie and Susie have died.
Did you really think that Jack wouldn't help you?
Everything is getting more expensive. Only the excuses are getting cheaper.
I don't know where Muhammad parked the car.
I don't think Jami and Carmen need to worry.
I love practical jokes.
Who invented the telephone?
William said he didn't think Carmen would do that.
That's a big difference.
It has been raining since last Sunday.
I want you to know I appreciate your help.
I don't think James should ask Lucy to do that.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that this morning.
Oliver and Susie are waiting at the park entrance.
He couldn't bring himself to believe her story.
My parents love him.
There's nothing left to discuss.
It wasn't a maintenance problem.
In the morning I always wake up around seven o'clock.
Everything is going to be alright tomorrow.
Jack built a wall around his house.
Your answer is not to the point.
I want to be a teacher.
Let us help one another.
I talked to Jack again.
Have you already received my package?
Harry can speak French much better than Monica.
I feel quite bad.
Visiting hours are almost over.
I told Oscar and Susie that I wasn't interested in working for them.
Joe fell asleep reading a book.
Jami had no idea that Maria felt that way.
I wanted you to help me do that.
Oscar said that Susie is happy that she was able to do that.
I had to keep busy, so I wouldn't think about what had happened.
I think that you shouldn't have called Charlie.
Do you really think it would be silly to do that?
I want to sit down for a change.
I asked for food.
He hadn't eaten all day long and was very hungry.
I want to remind you that you have a 2:30 appointment.
I don't want her to see that.
I told you I don't know anything.
All of the toys are wooden.
"I love you." "I love you too."
I guess Oliver and Olivia were in Boston.
I should've been watching more carefully.
I just left her.
Is it warm in here or is it just me?
I never heard from him again.
I told her not to tell you.
All of us went except for him.
Jacob broke up with his girlfriend.
Oscar said goodbye to his sister.
I think Alex is exciting.
I didn't want to go to school.
Oscar waited in the parking lot.
What did I forget to say?
I'd rather stay here than go to Jacob's.
Do it the way he tells you to.
You aren't very hungry, are you?
Muhammad cares more than you think.
How do you say "pasta" in Italian?
Stop telling me it is my baby.
Harry let me use his computer.
It's a cheap restaurant.
I've seen the incident for a short time.
I think Alex wouldn't be pleased by that.
The dog is trying to escape.
George and Susie started packing their things up.
The cat didn't move a muscle.
Workers lost their jobs.
Look at my new car.
Oscar and Anna aren't expecting me to do that, are they?
He's forever telling the same story.
Carmen is a country girl.
It isn't easy to understand why you want to leave.
Emma will wait as long as you tell her to.
I'll be late.
She says she tried to do that once.
I don't want to say that to Charlie.
Ask for his advice.
Where do William and Anna want to eat?
Never again did I see you.
Please leave.
Please don't treat me like this.
I do not speak Chinese.
She was thirty when she died.
Shut up or I'll throw you in jail.
What's going to happen to your prisoners?
I'm happy each time I hear this.
Jami wants to see his son.
I didn't eat as much meat as you did.
Mary would've kept her mouth shut.
You seemed surprised when Alex and Laur told you they wanted to do that.
Do you really want to marry him?
Oscar slept for only three hours.
He is one of my dearest friends.
To know a language is one thing, and to teach it is another.
Anna sacrificed her own life in order to save William.
I'm on my way to see her.
I wonder whether a person can live on only two hours of sleep a night.
Jacob wasn't the only other person who didn't do that.
This stuff is amazing.
Tommy's car isn't here, so he must have already left.
Is this going to take long?
I've never actually tortured anybody.
Dan's book gained so much fame.
I know Oliver wouldn't be doing that if he didn't know how.
We both need this.
I would've shown you how to do if you'd asked me.
She showed her regret over the serious mistake.
We took a good place to see the parade.
They began to run when they saw the police.
We're leaving Australia next Monday.
This suitcase is Jack's.
It's a really cool car.
Harry didn't know Julia would swim.
They said they noticed a difference.
Come on over here.
I had a kidney stone.
James and Catherine tried not to show their fear.
Susie is going to have to do that by herself.
It was the best day of my life.
James is stupid sometimes.
I'm extremely mad right now.
He has sold his car, so he goes to the office by train.
I'm pretty sure Tommy said he wasn't planning to do that.
Alex is a physician.
I don't want to kill anybody.
William didn't tell the police everything.
Would you like me to cook something for you?
Be a good person.
Who were you just talking to?
Take the phone.
They do whatever they want.
I'm going to give it to them.
We'll never work for them.
Adam doesn't seem like himself.
The book that I'm planning to read next weekend is in French.
It's no use trying to convince William.
I'm anxious to see your stuff.
I see no cause for alarm.
Harry will probably not do that.
I'd like to have a coffee.
She told me she was a doctor.
I haven't ever studied French.
I hadn't waited long before he came along.
I don't think I ought to do that with Harry.
You can't mean that.
He's reading a novel now.
Tommy didn't yet know what he should do.
Carmen has lost her touch.
You're happy, aren't you?
I have a long vacation coming up.
She told me how it was wrong to steal.
I would never permit Oscar to do that.
We have to drive back home to Boston tomorrow.
What helps with a cough?
I wonder if Joe is exhausted.
Where are my parents?
He's a filthy liar.
Do I really need to do that for you?
Tennis is my favourite sport.
That car salesman isn't honest.
No, you're wrong.
Muhammad thought that Susie was beautiful.
Which one?
Charlie said that he liked the movie.
Why are the nights so dark?
He is a locked nature.
After four hours in the museum we're tired.
I had planned to leave for New York the next morning.
They don't seem too happy, do they?
How often do you drink instant coffee?
I have a lot of experience.
Tommy says he has to go to Boston next week.
Jack flew to Boston to attend his daughter's wedding.
Everyone wants to beat us.
I would love nothing more, trust me.
I'm thirty years old.
Muhammad made a list of places he wants to visit.
I take my hat off to James.
Oscar told Mary and me that we should do that by ourselves.
Catherine said she knew what Alex was going to do.
I admire him.
I asked Jack where he lived.
He looked like he was dead.
People in every walk of life go to church.
I thought that you were planning on going to Boston.
My favorite food is ice cream.
No one saw me take it.
Oscar should be here within fifteen minutes.
Oliver and Margaret claim they never wanted to do that.
I know quite a lot about Harry.
That man is going on trial next week.
I had enough money to buy everything I needed to buy.
She was better than I expected.
I don't think that Oscar is cute.
She doesn't live here any more.
Is this my life?
We miss her.
The campaign seems to be going like a bomb.
I often hear people say that.
Two years ago, Oscar learned how to swim.
Why don't you let Jack know you can't do that?
The wedding cake didn't taste very good.
Oscar knew that Lucy wasn't in Australia.
Does Jacob know that you're going to Australia?
I don't think that Tommy expected me to do that.
Jack will probably figure out how to do that.
Valentina must realize what she's done.
I know that you have something you want to say.
I'm sure Harry doesn't want to be the first one to do that.
Can you give me a permission to enter here?
The situation was extremely dangerous; it was a matter of life and death.
Nobody knew Joe and Margaret were here.
Do you recognize these?
It's been hard living here by myself.
I didn't doubt my abilities.
That house appears deserted.
That'll be difficult.
Suppose it were true, what would you do?
It's important to back up claims with evidence.
Oliver left a few minutes later.
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.
William and I arrived in Boston at the same time.
Why don't you go check on that?
Harry told me that he thought that Laur was prepared.
I remember seeing you before.
You think you're so smart...
Harry's studies soon attracted interest.
Tommy is a close friend of Susie's.
Why am I smoking with this sore throat?
Joe said that he couldn't loan any money to Mary.
I want you to come home now.
Cheer up! Things are not so bad as you think.
You should obey your parents.
What you're saying is absolutely wrong.
Everybody likes them.
"I'm not very good at this." "Neither am I."
Charlie wasn't the one who taught me how to play this song.
Can't we tell Charlie?
What's that got to do with her?
I know I'll be happy when George gets home.
Oliver is about to leave for Australia.
The snow's a foot deep.
Is Muhammad going to be here?
Joe is going to get in trouble if he eats all the ice cream.
I can't fall asleep.
You've found it.
She should get a new computer.
Have you been married for a long time?
Don't blame yourself for what happened to Joe.
She's lightning-fast.
Where is the lift?
What a cute baby! May I hold her?
My room is number five.
Joe thought would embarrass Mary.
Harry died of a heart attack in Boston.
You're the only one who doesn't seem happy.
Do you think Charlie and Olivia would like me to show them how to do that?
Maybe I hurt them.
Are you going to spend Christmas with Muhammad?
I've been married to my husband for twenty years.
I know William already knows why Julia didn't need to do that.
He said he's not tired.
I don't think Jami and Carmen are awake.
I'm committed to this.
There are a lot of English books in this library.
She made fun of a student.
Harry wasn't the one who told me that I didn't have do that.
Now it's our turn.
Do you think Jack went to Australia?
James knew that he'd done something he shouldn't have.
It worked perfectly.
Alex says he needs a hat.
The factory was shut down ten years ago.
Look, what's this all about?
Joe and Julia did what they felt like doing.
Did I accept to write this?
I like to listen to classical music while I work.
There is a lot at stake.
George is a normal teenage boy.
I thought that you said you wanted to do that right away.
George said he thought that he'd need to do that tomorrow.
Please give me a spare blanket.
George is going to be a doctor.
Doing that wasn't as hard as I expected.
Joe had no idea what the woman was talking about.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple.
Jack works for the phone company.
I hope what we've done helped.
No one came to help us.
Is it normal for male teachers to make eyes at female students?
Muhammad didn't change his plans.
Alex didn't seem to like your cooking.
I think that this is the first time Oscar has done that without help.
He hid himself in the closet.
Oliver isn't sure he's ready.
She has a perfect body.
Perhaps Adam really didn't write this letter.
Here's the answer to your question.
Am I the only one who cares?
I'll get in touch with Jack.
I'm pretty drunk right now.
Adam said that he hoped Valentina would do that.
Adam is going to be very hurt if you don't do that.
That's incredible.
We haven't contacted each other for quite a while. I am very happy to write to you.
I'm talking to William.
I wouldn't tell them what they wanted to know.
William and Eva were playing football.
We didn't mean to hurt her.
Only the elected President may deliver an opening address.
She has her toes in the water.
Do you want to know why I don't like Jack?
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?
This is amazing.
You could've invited me.
I'm tired of talking to you about this.
You knew I wasn't going to be able to convince Adam to do that, didn't you?
I can do that for him, you can't.
You've got a lot of stuff going on at the moment, so why don't you take the rest of the week off to deal with whatever those issues are?
Muhammad told Lucy that he'd forgiven her.
Joe and Olivia said that they felt great.
James and Laur said they thought they might be required to do that by themselves.
This is not a mistake.
Adam invited me personally.
Oscar is a talented actor, isn't he?
The competition was absolutely amazing.
Oscar said that he thought that Laur might not need to do that this week.
She picked up a stone.
I want you to lie still for a few hours.
You're winning.
He made me feel like such an idiot.
Ask Emma if she really needs to be there by 2:30.
Olivia told me that she needed money.
I don't think Oliver knows where Carmen is now.
If only I had known.
Harry thought Alice was embarrassed.
I don't expect that they will support my view.
Oscar didn't think that was going to happen.
Oliver told Julia about the job he'd been offered.
You often do that by yourself, don't you?
I was not studying then.
I feel ill at ease with her.
I suppose you enjoy that sort of thing.
Harry told Margaret that he didn't think John was downstairs.
Which father loves his son?
I know that Adam and Olivia are outside.
I don't think Harry and Eva like you very much.
We didn't have time to do things like this.
I can't lead this lifestyle.
I'll talk with him tonight.
Adam asked Emma if she knew what kind of music John liked.
She asked him how to turn on the machine.
They helped us.
Harry said he'll visit Australia.
Charlie sat down on the bench next to me.
Alex said that he thought Anna was mad.
I think you've told me all I need to know.
I am collecting money to save the sea turtles.
Only the teachers did that.
I think that Jami will eventually give up and let somebody else do that.
I doubt that Joe is still downstairs.
She hasn't been paying her rent.
Will you let me make an observation?
Who was the girl you were talking to?
Charlie is listening to the news.
I listen to the sounds of nature, far from the noise of the traffic.
Emma says she's forgotten how to do that.
This is the first time I've ever treated a wounded person.
I'm going go get some help.
The tall man is handsome.
There's a secret clue here.
There's only two days left.
Let's get your coat.
Can you still hear that?
He's back from his travels in Central Asia.
Jami heard about the murder from Valentina.
I'm doing the best I can to keep my promise.
Mary said she didn't know any better.
Thank you for preparing meals for me while I was sick in bed.
Are you suggesting that I can't do it by myself?
He said he doesn't know.
Are you still at the office?
I'd love to have more children.
Harry is a mild-mannered man.
I'm not going to wait for him.
Charlie should have let Monica do that.
That's the funny thing.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
Jami apparently used to work in Boston.
You've gotten used to having Alex around, haven't you?
Everybody made for the door at the signal.
William said he didn't need to do that today.
Jacob knew that I was sick.
This is how I solved the difficult problem.
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat.
Can you find someone to help?
This is completely safe.
Why don't you just say you don't like Chinese food?
The news can't all be bad.
Tell her I'm in the office.
Some college teachers come to class late and leave early.
What kind of book do you want?
There's one law for the rich, and another for the poor.
What's that there?
Jami can't leave Boston until next Monday.
Alex is going to buy that for you.
I don't know why she isn't in my dreams. Maybe she doesn't want to be there in order not to disturb me.
You don't even like swimming.
Jack said that he didn't think that we should call the police.
We should've done that last week.
I had all the money stolen and was in trouble.
Jami must have retired or died.
Joe divorced Lucy last year.
I told Oscar Margaret didn't have to do that.
That worked.
The old city is a popular tourist destination.
I have plenty of money with me.
What haven't you done?
He's asking for it.
Monica just admitted she made a mistake.
I'd like to have the translation of this song.
The car pulled up in front of the bank.
Oscar isn't the one who taught Julia how to ride a bicycle.
Who are you to decide that?
Does Jami still want me to teach him French?
Adam and Olivia asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with them.
The fire burned down ten houses.
We are really late.
I think Mr. Jackson's first name is Jacob.
I thought for sure we'd be killed.
Don't leave library books here.
I wasn't able to understand what Jacob was trying to say.
Harry couldn't jump that far.
That day it had looked like rain since morning.
Oliver's a doctor.
Please give me your honest opinion.
I wasn't expecting you until 2:30.
I thought you always played football on Saturday.
There's someone I have to get in touch with in Boston.
Valentina did the only thing she could.
I'm ready and willing, Jack.
William was holding a gun.
Emma asked Harry to wait for her in front of the library.
Muhammad asked me to lend Laur some money.
I look terrible today.
James figured out a way to do that.
I still dream about Germany.
We were not jealous.
There's no one home.
I bought a box lunch at the station.
I'd better not eat that.
I'm very pleased to meet you too.
Bill is nervous about the exam.
That's exactly what she wanted.
I don't have enough money now to buy this.
I wonder if we can do that.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan on swimming that.
Did Muhammad say anything about who Mary was with?
I thought that George wouldn't like doing that.
I think Harry went upstairs.
We're asking you to talk to us.
I think Adam and Lucy have fallen in love.
I think that Joe can understand French.
How is your grandmother?
He will be here all evening.
She is sleeping.
I couldn't have done this without Muhammad's help.
She revealed the secret to him.
That can cause big problems.
He decided to come.
I have a long list of things I need to buy..
Father has recently come back to Japan.
Why are you cleaning the office?
We need to be more aggressive.
Look, this isn't that big of a deal.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Jack isn't as efficient as Olivia.
I didn't know Alex was such a talented singer.
I knew it would be easy.
I'm still a little tired.
Jami was my boss.
I don't think that I want to do that.
George had this coming.
Oscar started screaming.
I'll join you there later.
James was unable to decide who he should vote for.
I went to the lawyer for legal help.
Let's walk toward town.
I have a very good opinion of Harry.
This will teach that he must obey the law.
Jami looked like he'd been crying.
The new furniture came today.
William and Julia said they thought they could do that.
It seems something's wrong with my computer.
I thought William said he wasn't planning to do that.
I'm looking forward to working with you.
You can speak English.
Mary was late for her shift.
Something important has come up.
I forbid you to speak with anyone about what just happened.
"Where are you going now?" "Straight home: farewell." "Farewell to you too."
It'd be good if you came alone?
Nothing seems to happen around here.
Jami was strict, but Anna wasn't.
I want you to do that before you go home.
I can't recall her name.
I'm pretty sure both Charlie and Monica have done that.
I promised Adam that I wouldn't stay in Boston for more than three days.
It's not something that anyone would be ashamed of.
Alice got mad at me for not listening to her.
Do you think Charlie can really win?
He says he loves me.
William and Laur moved to Boston soon after they got married.
Susie is a history teacher, isn't she?
If you need a pen, I can lend you one.
I don't know what you don't want me to know, so I don't know what I want to know.
I know Tommy doesn't know why I did that on Monday.
I hope nobody feels that way.
He is very friendly to her.
Olivia knew where she'd put her keys.
What's the email?
Alex said he knew why Lucy wanted to do that.
He checked his notes.
I never thought I'd do that.
It's been two years since I saw him last.
His eyes locked with mine.
You should face the reality.
I didn't give it to him.
Valentina thought she needed to help James.
I was in Boston most of the summer.
I don't think their plan will work out.
I know James is a very nice guy.
Joe was sweating.
She and her mother were extremely close.
Did you enjoy your swim?
Tommy and Eva told Tommy that they weren't planning on doing that.
Would you like me to hold onto it?
What can I do about this?
I believe Adam is doing well.
They say that they're prepared to do that.
Today is the first and the last day for me.
George and I worked together in Australia.
Harry told John that he would ask Julia to the dance only if John asked Alice.
Jack will confirm that.
I don't want anything to do with William.
Well, it's about time.
I'm not your mother.
I have to eat, too.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
She asked me out on a date.
He's closing everything.
You mustn't use my pen.
He said that he was really thirsty.
Everyone knows Jack has a thing for you.
In the United States, 20 million new jobs have been created during the past two decades, most of them in the service sector.
Oh, it's cool. I like it.
They told me about their new jobs.
We must have made a mistake.
Alex said he was too drunk to help Anna do that.
Return good for evil.
I'm going to lose.
Tell Oscar I'll be right there.
Margaret didn't tell me she'd gotten fired.
A cold beer would hit the spot!
How many hours a day does Oliver swim?
This place is different.
I'm pretty sure Tommy hasn't done anything he wasn't supposed to do.
Why don't you sing for us?
I'm pretty sure Alex likes you.
We're not going to find anything.
Ask an expert first!
Why did Alex want to help Lucy?
I have a feeling this will be an even better year!
I don't always wear a hat.
Does Tommy know what you're doing?
Was it you who forgot to lock the door?
She wants to live closer to nature.
Adam wanted to be in Boston last Monday.
Jacob doesn't seem to know who we are.
This is his first novel.
They lost the war on the eastern front.
I taught French many years ago.
I visited Jami last spring in Australia.
It'd be about time to reply to his letter.
Jacob and Monica are already married.
Where is the license?
I didn't do that, because I was sick.
Jami and Mary are a lot different now.
You're going to have to do that by yourself, aren't you?
He has not failed for nothing.
Don't tell Monica. I don't want to worry her.
When Anna entered the kitchen, the floor was covered in water.
You flew.
Jack didn't flush the toilet.
What just happened in there?
I feel sad, but I don't know why.
You've been well paid.
The others have to try and catch the murderer.
We have to get her to a doctor.
When did you arrive there?
James and Margaret got married on Christmas Eve.
The role of a lawyer is to prove that his client is innocent.
Adam has been asked to leave already.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
Harry understands French fairly well, but he has trouble speaking it.
Julia had no choice but to do what she'd been told to do.
I went to the hospital to have me checked so that they can find the cause of my disease.
I still make mistakes.
Catherine is very arrogant, isn't she?
You can speak German.
There's hardly any wind today.
He is young and ambitious.
Charlie and Julia are really pleased.
I didn't want to do it that way.
Alex should tell Lucy he's sleepy.
We were born on the same day.
Harry was looking for the man who tried to break into his car.
Alex seemed to be tired this evening.
I could tell you who did it.
I don't think Alex knows he's not likely to be fired.
Laur asked me to meet her at the station.
I want an answer from you as soon as possible.
I think that Adam would be happier if he did that.
This desk is too small for him.
I think Oliver and Julia are rich.
Muhammad should have been a lawyer.
Charlie made a very big mistake.
She was careful not to break the glasses.
Charlie isn't alone in thinking that Monica is the most beautiful girl in his class.
You know Harry can't do that.
That's what you've always wanted.
Harry and Alice had to admit that they were too tired to do anything else.
James and Anna walk their dog at least once a day.
I want to name our son Joe.
This is very important to us.
How did Jami know you were going to do that?
Let's find someplace quiet to talk.
Didn't you know Joe and Valentina were asleep?
He read his children a story.
Jami and Monica made their positions clear.
What do you think of this place?
I don't know if I can wait that long.
The blood test is normal.
Emma asked me if she could hold my hand.
That is our father.
She fell in love with her boyfriend's younger brother.
Are you coming to the party tonight?
I'm resting my legs.
I take a walk every day except when it rains.
Harry doesn't have my permission to do that.
Carmen hopes that she doesn't have to do that again.
Oliver and Olivia said that they didn't really have to do that.
Lucy looks like she's ready.
Harry stood in front of a full-length mirror, looking at himself.
Tell Muhammad and Alice that we're not going to help them.
I know Muhammad is a butcher.
It looks like Joe is crying.
Monica can't get rid of her cough.
I was late again this morning, which made my boss angry.
He isn't happy at all.
There was blood on William's pillow.
My brother pretended to be working very hard.
I should have paid a little more attention.
Olivia soon realized she was trapped.
They say that they can't help.
On finishing university, I started working right away.
I read one.
Do you remember the first time that we spoke to each other?
I know that James is the one who's supposed to tell Monica that she has to do that.
Jami and Catherine want to live in a country where French is spoken.
The only problem was that we didn't know how to do that.
Adam told me that he wanted to become a famous singer.
Emma said she thought Harry would probably do that.
It began to dawn.
Jacob told Anna that he wouldn't ever do that again.
I don't use crack cocaine.
Are you going to go with James?
Why didn't you come to ask me earlier?
I think that George could easily have done that.
I don't like the way he speaks.
Charlie wants to speak to you at 2:30.
Tommy and Alice have both already eaten.
I wonder if William will cry.
Alex and Susie are younger than you think they are.
Joe wasn't at home.
She's a girl.
Jacob was my friend, too.
Tommy said he'd do that for you if you asked him to.
I don't think that we should compromise.
I looked at Jack and laughed.
Julia asked me to go to a movie with her.
I assumed that that's what you'd wanted to do.
Having finished her work, she went home.
Does he have a car in Japan?
Did you know Jami was going to say that?
I'm not looking forward to doing that.
I think I can go to Australia with you next week.
I'm sorry Adam wasn't able the conference.
The cat was killed by the dog.
The man in the street is eating pizza and actually thinks voting machines are OK.
Tommy wants some alone time.
This is three, twenty-five off your next shop.
I don't earn enough money to support a family.
Mother made me a pure white dress.
I passed my French examination.
We are full just now.
I don't know what you've done.
Jami said he wished that he hadn't given Olivia any money.
Tommy has nothing left.
I didn't think Oliver really needed to do that by himself.
She said that she felt left out.
Didn't you know that Oliver and Emma weren't planning to attend today's meeting?
I promised Jack I'd go shopping with him.
That's my complaint.
Oliver bought some flowers.
This really feels good.
This desert looks like an alien landscape.
Joe wrapped his jacket around my shoulders.
You may want to slow down a bit.
You seemed to be doing that very well.
Jacob seems to be cold.
I didn't speak to Jacob.
Tommy said that Carmen wanted to do that soon.
Valentina said she thought that we could win.
James said Monica knew John might want to do that as quickly as possible.
Maybe Oscar couldn't afford to buy a ticket.
That's Oscar, my teddy-bear.
Oscar kept his distance.
Alex is going to try to be there on time.
I never realized how much I'd miss you.
Everyone agreed that it was the right decision.
I didn't run away.
Jack had a very hard time doing that.
How do I apologize for this?
I won't tell anyone that you're in Boston.
This soap makes a lot bubbles.
You should have given Jacob another chance.
Jack is arrogant, but Catherine isn't.
You're doing great work.
How accurate do you think this report is?
Were you the one who told Charlie that he shouldn't go?
I want to finish eating before Tommy and Anna get here.
Make a list.
William will give Carmen what she asked for.
Nature is not threatened by man.
Adam is probably going to be stubborn about that.
Oscar said Valentina was likely to be present at the meeting on October 20th.
We need to avoid a scandal at all costs.
We agreed to start early the next morning.
Charlie and Eva didn't want to make fools of themselves.
This song was written by Foster.
Harry said that he'd be doing that soon.
I didn't know you would do that with us.
What is important for you?
I hope the bus comes soon.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
Try not to disturb Oliver.
She needn't have gone in such a hurry.
Everybody started to panic.
James said that he wished he hadn't seen Olivia doing that.
Bit by bit, he could attract her with his behaviour.
They have sugar.
I can walk.
I don't think you want to take that chance.
Harry is Emma's only friend in Boston.
They told me they wanted a lawyer.
Adam, Alice and a few other people did that.
My name is Thomas, but you can call me Jacob.
Our cat fought with someone's else's cat.
Would it make you happy to live the life that you're now living for all eternity?
Muhammad and Carmen hope they'll get a chance to do that again.
Oscar told me how he got his nickname.
Nature made sure that living happily doesn't require much effort: everyone can make himself happy.
Why not let us try?
Get her in here.
You like watches, don't you?
Are you afraid to stand on the edge?
What is the book about?
I wonder whether Oliver will be at Catherine's party tonight.
Why are you looking for a job?
Can I have a cup of coffee first?
Jami ran to a neighbor for help.
Tommy didn't want to come to Australia.
It may be too late already.
A bird in hand is worth two in the bush.
Susie is studying in her room.
Joe wanted to tell you something.
I want to go to Seattle.
He said that he'd help.
You seem to be really happy.
I'm friends with her brother.
So why don't you quit?
Alex couldn't remember exactly what Anna had said.
Emma is very talented, isn't she?
I'm not sure if Jami will do that again.
They looked up from their books.
Oliver seems to be trying to stir up trouble.
She lost the key to her room.
It was one of the best experiences of my life.
Do you have anything?
"Who helped you?" "No one. I did everything myself."
We're heading out.
We're not quite sure exactly what we're supposed to be doing.
Anna was unable to finish her lunch.
James isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.
He ran away as soon as he saw me.
This sentence requires a question mark at the end.
I have just a few more questions.
I thought that we'd managed to do it right.
We're better than you.
Who broke it?
What do you want to become of me?
I don't believe you really want to do that.
Joe will never have to worry about going hungry.
The boys fought over her.
I'll take you to Jack.
Oscar found a good place for me to live.
How many people are in your family?
Alex did get the last laugh, though.
Can I borrow your rubber for a moment?
You should trying selling your products online.
My parents can't wait to meet you.
Muhammad has promised to change things.
She was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
Mother bought a beautiful doll for her.
Julia said that she was very glad she didn't do that.
I think we should do that again.
I thought that Oliver had stopped dating Susie.
Is that Jami's?
You sent the books from your house.
This isn't our final destination.
Where do you plan to stay in Australia?
I'm your new partner.
What do you want me to do with Muhammad?
I have a lot of enemies.
Can this happen again?
I am going to my friend's house.
The two of us are finally alone.
The last time George was seen alive was in October.
It's nice here in the sun.
Adam is going to be very depressed.
George was a popular guy.
I'll be staying in Boston all next week.
James gladly agreed.
With her stomach full of milk, the baby fell asleep.
We should all stick together.
I'm kind of busy, too.
Charlie said he wished that he hadn't asked Eva to do that.
He asked his girlfriend to borrow her mother's umbrella.
You knew that Oliver wasn't really going to do that, didn't you?
He said he'd call me.
She returned to her room.
I tend to agree.
Jack will be staying here for a while.
Did you not know that?
I have a friend who knows Jack.
We will just have to make the best of it.
I won't let Harry and Catherine do that.
Lift your left leg.
I didn't recognize him at first on the train.
Emma will be jealous.
I know that James used to be a police officer.
Tommy allowed Monica to go alone.
All of a sudden they stopped talking.
I took your advice.
Jami is under a lot of stress.
I am hoping to put an end to our unhappy relationship.
Tommy told me that he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
I read a book while eating.
We can tell Tommy later.
I think you've been reading too many comic books.
Mary told me that she wanted a lawyer.
I can't stand much more of this.
This room is too dark.
How does it help us?
Please continue until I tell you to stop.
I think Jack would like to be in Australia now.
Why did Oscar not want to go to Boston?
I'd like to spend more time with you.
I thought that Oscar didn't like cats.
Tommy and Laur told me they were looking for John.
I hope that you will enjoy this sentence.
Jacob is probably already there.
He said that he was ashamed.
Oscar said Valentina was in Australia now.
Oscar should've been home.
I guess James was in Australia.
I think that Jami and I are happier than most people.
Teach us how to do that.
I'll put in a good word for you.
Whose is the book on the desk?
Harry said he wanted to be left alone.
I was surprised to find it on fire.
It started right on schedule.
I can't believe you don't want butter on your popcorn.
Jack said that he now regrets his decision.
Oliver said Mary knew that he might not want to do that.
Didn't you live in Australia when you were a child?
James is going to be lonely if Olivia leaves.
I know that Harry and Mary are as happy as I am.
You don't have to tell me what to do.
After we finished eating, we went for a walk.
I couldn't help with anything.
How many houses were destroyed in Iraq?
You've made many mistakes.
May contain nuts.
Only Jack can do that.
I told William he was right.
They said that they wanted my help.
There are things I have to know about.
Let's go before I change my mind.
Give it back to me.
I think Alex really wanted to do that.
Jami and Catherine are still trying to figure out what needs to be done.
I hope Jami doesn't get jealous.
I have visited America.
The team was terrible.
Why are we still talking about this?
All the signs are that she is getting better.
I have been to more than ten foreign countries so far.
I'd sleep better at night if we had locks on our doors.
Does Jack watch TV every day?
I'll try to pay what I owe by the end of the month.
I just want to be your friend, nothing more.
She's happy.
I'll treat you like an adult when you start acting like one.
I'd never ask you to do that.
Joe may be young, but he's very wise.
There's only one way to be sure.
Don't get too comfortable.
I bought a pair of boots.
Mary told me that she thought Adam was through doing that.
Jami told Julia that he thought John was engaged to Alice.
I wish that I were still living in Australia.
I wonder where Oscar went to college.
A dog ran about in the garden.
Oscar let me sit next to Monica.
Adam took off his glasses and wiped his eyes.
If she comes, I'll go too.
He is poor but is too proud to ask for help.
I was defending myself.
Harry said that he thought it could happen in Boston, too.
We are committed to our country's welfare.
He can't see the forest for the trees.
Jokes are no laughing matter.
Do you like silent movies?
That's all we needed!
Alex became very mad.
Like it or not, we have to attend that meeting.
Monica said she feels a lot better today.
Identify William.
I won't tolerate your mistakes again.
I share a house with two of my friends.
The earth’s climate is changing faster than at any other time in history.
We missed them.
Don't lose hope.
We need to go.
They hate us.
I want to do spring cleaning.
She never saw her mother again.
The sun is above me.
"Let's go see a movie tonight?" "I can't. I'm busy." "What about tomorrow night?" "I'm busy then, too."
I don't think that we're going to do that today.
It's just a simple cold.
I don't care what Charlie did.
He broke down completely on hearing of his daughter's death.
Let's settle accounts.
Alex is still in school, isn't he?
I know that Muhammad knew he had to do that today.
Do you like it here?
I think I might be able to find Oscar.
You weren't that great.
Even if you're married to a monster, murder is not the way to go.
Ask Joe and Lucy if they know how to do that.
This sentence is too long!
Do you know anything about your family?
I hope William hasn't already drunk all the milk.
I often receive letters from him.
I have to change a string on the guitar.
She said that she'll do that later.
Your injury will get worse unless you see a doctor.
Joe told everybody about what he did.
My sister doesn't wish to associate with them.
Adam should be back by October.
James and Margaret were in the room by themselves.
William doesn't think he's very good at French.
She does not smoke.
Both Tommy and Margaret decided to enter the contest.
Where are Oscar and Laur going?
Oliver spent his birthday in the hospital.
I saw you smile.
He started to sing.
When are you going on summer vacation?
I want to know why you're not going to do that.
I heard a noise up there.
I don't think Oscar has to do that by himself.
I don't think I'll have too much of a problem with that.
Alex is going to go to Boston on business next week.
Anna looked over her shoulder.
It takes will power to give up smoking.
I ran away.
How do you expect them to lift themselves out of poverty when no one will hire them?
A stranger spoke to me in the bus.
I could hear sirens in the distance.
James said that he thought he knew what Emma planned to do.
Oscar is the best man for the job.
Should I get her for you?
Thank you for your e-mail regarding the matter in question.
Which part of the word "no" do you not understand?
Alice wasn't at home when I went to visit her.
They seem to trust you.
Oscar and Carmen said they knew John wouldn't do that.
Jack is ready to help you.
I don't think anyone would agree with that statement.
Tell her what you told me.
We played chess not so much to enjoy the game as just to kill time.
Jack and Julia have decided to get married in October.
It's not possible to breathe here.
Muhammad won't permit you to do that anymore.
Joe went to Australia alone.
That looks like a gang sign.
Charlie said that he wished he hadn't eaten so much.
I don't think Jacob knows how much it'll cost to stay in Boston for a week.
William was the one who taught Eva how to do that.
Emma refused to accept the roses that William sent her.
I spent my vacation in Australia.
You were acting like a baby.
William is married to my sister.
There's just one problem. I can't find anybody to help me.
Muhammad said that he was fine.
We're eating dinner right now.
We each drank three cups of coffee.
It's mine now.
How did you know William was planning to do that?
I'm the owner.
I'd never be able to afford to buy a house on Park Street.
Harry had never played that game before.
How many times a month do you do that?
Don't buy those shoes.
You'll soon be able to swim.
You aren't really planning to go, are you?
I pulled myself together and started my work.
Harry said that Carmen was likely to be interested.
The death rate was high.
It's just a weird feeling.
Jami and Eva got married three months after they met.
I don't know whether Adam is having fun or not.
George doesn't know the difference between reality and imagination.
You should ask them yourself.
I assume you've heard about Oliver's promotion.
She starts her job at seven o'clock.
Lucy called me after Jacob called her.
The teacher caught Alex cheating on a test.
Did you even get to talk to Jacob?
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada.
I thought I was going to make a lot of money doing that.
I did know I was supposed to do that.
I took a lot of pictures last month when I was in Australia.
Since I can't be with you, I send you a kiss.
This coat is bigger.
The problem is the economy.
You could have been in very big trouble.
Alex and Carmen killed themselves last October.
Let's cooperate where we can, let's confront where we must.
Are Oscar and Valentina mad at us?
I think Jack can help you now.
Tommy wasn't the one who told me that I didn't need to do that.
If George comes, please tell me.
Anna said she felt the same way.
Harry said it's all right to do that now.
Alex sent his son to bed without dinner.
Charlie is the only person to survive the fire.
I think Jacob could go to Boston with you.
I'm quite happy about that now.
What time do you arrive home?
Has James promised to be there?
She says that she's just eaten.
Please tell me where you got this.
There was a large explosion in Boston last night.
I'll be waiting over there.
I intend to come.
It's a big company.
It looks like Alex isn't going to go to Boston with us.
We rode in an elevator.
Did William say that?
Why didn't somebody call us?
Harry said he thought that there was a chance that Eva would win.
It was huge.
When you're good enough to join the team, we'll let you join.
I'm on my way to pick her up.
Did you actually believe that?
Jack helped rescue Valentina.
It's a crazy idea.
I can't meet you.
Don't fail to lock the door.
James checked his text messages.
Adam wouldn't let Anna do that.
Up to that time, we were watching TV.
The answer should be no.
"How many times did he kiss you?" "Just once."
Charlie doesn't usually talk to me like that.
I doubt if Charlie will be the last one to do that.
Sorry, I've already forgotten your name.
They said they won't come to our party.
I forgot who said that.
I can run.
We're finally on the right track.
I took her arm.
I'll try my best to finish it in time.
William kissed Monica goodbye at the gate.
Do you think Jami and Julia were embarrassed?
You killed her.
Oliver said his schedule will probably change.
They said that they felt cheated.
Tommy and Mary said they're well.
Tommy is waiting for Carmen to tell him what to do.
Can you deal me in?
Do you often ride a motorcycle?
You're very efficient.
Oscar was there for me when I needed him.
It wouldn't hurt to tell me.
I've learnt nothing from the teacher.
Jami thinks that Laur won't be interested in doing that.
I knew that Muhammad would likely not need to do that again.
What time does the next train going to Tokyo leave?
Everybody fears that prison.
She jumped out of her seat.
She dropped her pencil.
Jack won't be able do that without someone's help.
You look like you've just seen a ghost.
Do Muhammad and Eva still think John did it?
We should have done that earlier.
What're your plans for this afternoon?
Do you want me to turn off the lights?
Jack is pretty good at this.
Let's not get up so early tomorrow morning.
The cause of the fire was unknown.
I thought that you used to be a teacher in Australia.
Oscar is going to regret doing that.
I wish I'd slept last night.
What time is the meeting?
She went to Chicago by bus.
Since today.
I assume that you know Harry.
"I can't find Joe." "Try ringing him."
He'll soon catch up with Harry.
When did it stop raining?
Where do the batteries go?
They fell into the difficult problems.
What makes you think Jacob won't know how to do that?
I can't believe you really want us to do this.
Olivia lost her life.
The secret of success lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from his angle as well as from your own.
I smelled it.
Adam said that he didn't think that Mary could've done that by herself.
She said that she couldn't recall.
Red wine does not go well with fish.
Oliver dreamed about doing that.
I got married again.
I'll be back by the end of the year.
I don't feel like talking about Muhammad today.
Please give me help in taking this down.
We assumed you were dead.
He was looked up to by all his friends.
But what if she says no?
Don't close the door!
Don't let him do it alone.
Adam likes it here.
Joe says Olivia lies a lot.
William and Olivia are both planning to be at your party.
I'm born in the U.S.S.R.
We need to be sure.
William and I want to do that now.
Her face was wet with tears.
Charlie didn't seem to understand the purpose of the project.
Harry made me a good offer on my car.
Alex thought Olivia was the weird one.
James didn't even write one letter to Carmen while he was away.
He hasn't the slightest suspicion.
Tommy didn't know who to ask.
The truth is quite complicated.
George got back home earlier than expected.
It is a super idea.
Is the house beautiful?
What kind of logic is this: if it is not yours, it must be mine?
Alex isn't the kind of person who'd say something like that.
There must be some reason for what he has done.
That's something I have to do by myself.
I didn't have a weapon.
Harry doesn't know a thing about me.
I told Oliver I didn't want to drive.
He said that he was really happy.
She said she isn't angry.
I wonder if we'll like doing that.
You should apply for that post.
We just found the murder weapon.
Should I call them?
Are you going to move in?
He met with an accident and broke some bones.
I think what you just told me isn't correct.
Do you like to wear jewelry?
He got a master's degree in law.
I'm seeing them tonight.
It was a problem, but not one we couldn't solve.
He told me he understood.
Jacob said Alice is upset.
I am to meet him at five at the station.
Tommy and Mary must've hit their heads.
You can only find this in LA and here.
That isn't a good enough reason.
I know that James didn't know that you couldn't do that.
Where is the nearest bus stop?
Have you been waiting long?
Muhammad's savings will soon run out.
Oscar didn't want to admit he had a drinking problem.
With his death, the oldest family in this village died out.
His car was blue and hers was red.
I know that Charlie is insane.
I know his address.
The book was new.
The new business was eating away his fortune.
Jack doesn't want to be found.
Should we tell Monica she doesn't need to do that?
I thought that you said that Adam should do that.
Oscar and I'll be traveling together.
I don't even know where to start looking.
Oscar and Mary didn't look like they were having any fun.
I'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
James isn't as fast as I am.
Adam and Margaret have already finished, haven't they?
True love doesn't exist!
I proposed that she come with me.
Jami was attacked by a shark.
Where does this road lead?
He taught his children Russian.
I just don't want to talk about it anymore.
I don't like my mother-in-law.
Carmen told Joe she was going to Boston.
I wasn't very busy anyway.
This was recommended to me by Oliver.
Here's a towel you can use.
It's not at all easy.
I think that was a waste of effort.
What made you think so?
I plan on doing that tomorrow for the first time in three years.
You're done working, aren't you?
Are we going to help them?
She gave me good advice.
I know that Adam has to leave.
Charlie and Monica say they don't want to talk to you.
Alex and Alice say they wouldn't want to do that.
I can't understand her obsession with soccer.
I want you to find out about Joe.
Did you tell Valentina she's not allowed in this room?
What kind of music do you think Tommy and Catherine like?
James thinks that Monica probably hasn't done that yet.
I will be very careful.
Will Brazil win the 2014 World Cup?
Harry asked me to look for some rope.
William never thought Anna would hurt him.
Alice married one of her students.
Muhammad told me he didn't have to do that.
I didn't know Oliver at all.
James is in trouble, isn't he?
That's happened to a lot of us.
Your clothes always smell bad.
Are Tommy and Alice still French teachers?
We think you should take it.
As soon as he went out, it began to rain.
This child has the flu.
Muhammad is a very gentle person.
It's not important, things happen.
You're good at drawing.
What a beautiful garden they made!
They can't tie their shoes by themselves.
They look like they might be sick.
The bed at the hotel where I stayed was too soft.
Tommy is going to be in Boston all summer.
People don't like to swim against the tide.
We've heard this before.
He seems to have finished his work.
How do I turn this off?
It was at that very moment that the bomb went off.
She left her keys in the car.
No one realized that Harry and Olivia were in pain.
I'll tell you all about it tomorrow.
It's not like him to be late.
I heard James enter the room.
Jack was putting stuff in a box.
Why didn't you tell me first?
She says she won't study French.
Jack thinks that he could probably do that.
I read the book in my second year of high school.
Where did you miss your umbrella?
Adam told me that he thought that Anna was rude.
That dog jumped.
Why doesn't she look at me anymore?
Valentina said she was very upset.
Oliver said he hasn't decided what to do yet.
Jacob and Alice were both asleep at that time.
If it had not been for your aid, I would not have succeeded in my business.
I think that's the point.
Prove to me that you don't have a sister.
The trees will soon be bare.
George lost patience.
Are you going to see George again?
Oscar always had a smile on his face.
Harry said that it wasn't likely to happen.
I have to do a lot of things.
They eat shark.
Oscar regrets he couldn't go.
I think Jami is a few inches shorter than Julia.
Oscar died of cancer.
For Christmas, we will be in the mountains.
I hope that you'll accept my request.
George burned everything Catherine had given him.
Alex wasn't aware that Emma was married.
Remember last year.
I'll be there, so whatever it takes.
Eva said she thought Jami spoke French.
I looked up at the moon.
I feel comfortable in her company.
Charlie made it himself.
Charlie said Emma was the only one who got here on time today.
George has asked Olivia to marry him.
She said that's fine with her.
Alice said she thought I might have to do that soon.
I know Muhammad knew that I couldn't do that.
I can't help you because I am busy.
I know Alex might not do that.
Find out what Adam and Mary want.
Laur grabbed her purse.
You've never seen me do that, have you?
Tommy wasn't even scared.
Could I look at that one?
I let William kiss me yesterday.
We'll probably get married.
I'll take you wherever you want to go and buy you whatever your heart desires.
She said that she'd look at it.
We owe you one.
You're part of the family.
We did that last week.
Jack was beaten to death with a golf club.
A great number of books are published every year.
"Why are you always taking Lucy's side?" "I'm not taking anyone's side."
It looked yellow to me.
Jami spent the day with his daughter.
James didn't use to drink so much.
I want you to follow him.
Mary focused on her work.
Three of those children are from Boston.
George is very sure Susie needs to do that.
My brother is not satisfied with his new car.
Today she is sick.
Alex is obliged to do that.
I wonder whether Muhammad is right or not.
She knows that she can't be replaced.
Eva took a picture of herself and sent it to her boyfriend.
Forgive him if you can. He is not guilty.
I'm not hurting your animals.
You have to call Joe.
You could relax.
They were hoping they could do that.
I was thinking about the good old days.
She lost her hat, but soon found it.
Who told you that I was in Boston last weekend?
He looked around the house.
She was happy for some time.
Carmen bought herself a new computer.
Let's hope Jacob and Laur haven't made a mistake.
Tommy says he wants something to eat.
Charlie was in no hurry to do that.
Put it in words I can understand.
Jami usually wakes up every morning before his alarm clock goes off.
Is there a discount for students?
Why should I care where Jack is going?
She's smoking.
That's a tough offer to refuse.
I don't like his looks.
Saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out.
Do you have to make a speech?
Charlie and Emma say that they never lock their door.
I've asked James why he was sad.
Harry doesn't have many friends here.
No matter how I try, I can't forget that kiss.
Mary is by far the best drama queen I have ever seen.
They sent up a balloon.
It should be like this.
Nice to meet you, Mrs Jones.
Does Alex look thirty to you?
Oscar said he's exhausted.
I've left my umbrella in the phone booth.
Charlie said that he didn't have to wait very long.
Alex said there was nobody in here.
It seems that your dog has taken quite a liking to James.
Neither Jack nor Catherine has a lot of free time.
Muhammad didn't say when he planned to do that.
I told Muhammad that I don't have time to do that.
We were going real fast.
Find Charlie and bring him home.
Oliver was a bad boy.
Charlie hasn't had a fight with anybody lately.
You thought Jacob did that on purpose, didn't you?
I love to see him smile.
I don't have time to relax.
She is two years older than you.
He told me that he wanted to practice his English with me.
What impressed you most?
I don't know when Adam will show up.
You weren't the one who actually did that, were you?
The wind has dropped.
I've gained weight again.
Charlie's car was stuck in the mud.
Somebody has left the window open.
You don't drink enough water.
Jacob and Alice tried to hide their fear.
I wish I were wrong.
He said he's not worried.
I think that Oscar will be here by 2:30.
Joe told Carmen that he didn't think John was nice.
You can do that, too, if you want to.
Do you really want to know where James is?
William said he wanted to tell you how to do that, but Julia told him not to.
James ate something.
Since when are you wearing contacts?
Carmen said she doesn't plan to do that here.
Adam said Lucy was the only one who did that.
William said that it wouldn't take much time to do that.
This book was first published in 1877.
I thought that Harry was too busy to help us.
You should've called the cops.
James is the only other person who should have done that.
Did you think that was fun?
He was not able to open the box.
Jack wanted to make a lot of money.
Didn't you know that Jacob and Lucy said they weren't going to do that?
We had so much fun together.
The library books were out of order.
Charlie walked Susie to the bus station.
My grandfather died when I was boy.
Oliver lied to the police about where he was at that time.
Adam hasn't mentioned you.
We know each other quite well.
She can say what she wants to say.
It's obvious that Jacob and Margaret like each other.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
She fell in love with her therapist.
George and Valentina are too young to go to the zoo by themselves.
Eva said she's been robbed before.
That's pretty typical.
Does George have a sense of humor?
Jacob should be able to tell us a little about Boston.
I've seen Joe in action.
Adam and Alice are finished, aren't they?
I didn't have to go with George.
There's no way Muhammad and Laur did that on their own.
You're the same age as me.
I'll stay home if it rains tomorrow.
I should have done that the way James told me to.
They say I stole someone's camera.
They know you were the one who visited Joe the night before he was killed.
I wasn't the one who opened the door.
Tommy parties too hard.
I didn't have a job at that time.
Can you leave my office, please?
Are you older than Adam?
Do you know how much these shoes cost?
Charlie is a violin teacher, isn't he?
You never told me why you didn't do that.
I've already said I don't know how one does it.
Have James call me.
We shouldn't let other people know we've done that.
Muhammad said that he hoped that Valentina won the race.
I don't live in that city.
William and Laur said that they weren't mad anymore.
George is working as fast as he can.
I know James doesn't know that he doesn't need to help us do that.
We need to find new people to work in the kitchen.
Please wish me luck.
I still have no idea why Jacob didn't win.
Jami seemed to be very happy.
I just found out Adam and Mary are dead.
I'm not at all sleepy.
Thanks for the food.
It doesn't fit well here.
I doubt if Oscar will do that again.
She introduced me to her father.
We could've helped them.
If you don't behave yourself, you won't get any dessert.
How did you all escape?
Nobody has heard anything from Oscar since he went to Boston.
He is wise in certain respects.
I knew he wasn't Jack.
They answer us whenever we ask them questions.
Adam and Monica said that they might possibly do that.
I knew Oscar didn't how long it was going to take to do that.
He's meeting with a Japanese girl.
She's right.
I don't know whether Alex is good at swimming or not.
Japanese cars are right hand drive.
It's in here somewhere.
I'm sure you understand why we have to do this.
I don't like talking about my feelings.
Oscar didn't have any privacy.
I don't think there is any excuse for William's behavior.
I already have one.
Carmen left.
Before I had eaten breakfast, I had run five miles.
I know some of Joe's friends.
I didn't know you were dating Charlie.
Joe wakes up early.
How long have you been worrying about that?
Charlie co-wrote these songs.
Let's think out another way.
Don't even bother coming.
Julia said she wasn't bored.
We can't keep this a secret forever.
Their expectations are very high.
I haven't noticed any difference.
Why are you so popular?
I'd better clean up now.
How long do you think it would take us to get to Boston by car?
Muhammad is always stubborn.
Who else knows your house is haunted?
I should get back home.
Emma said she'd like to know why Joe wanted to do that.
I don't think that you should be doing that now.
If anybody could do that, it would be Jami.
I was surprised that Alex was there this morning.
I enjoy working in a shop.
You don't understand.
I don't want to drink things tonight.
He is in a sense a representative of his company.
Tell Tommy I'll be there as soon as I can.
You have no clue on how disappointed I am!
James will do that as soon as possible.
George has mentioned you.
Please get away from me.
I've never seen you here before.
Oliver won't hug Emma anymore.
I thought Oliver could lend us some money.
He said he doesn't eat pork.
A known mistake is better than an unknown truth.
I haven't talked to Muhammad about that yet.
James has had many different jobs.
You need to wait for a while longer.
It is no use trying again.
Our house is in front of the train station.
Adam seems to be able to sense when someone is in trouble.
I wish I was as hungry as you.
How was it kept secret?
Could I talk to you for a second?
I'm particularly impressed that Muhammad could remember all of our names.
Just give me my gun.
Jami will try to do something about that.
That would be hilarious.
I should probably not tell Oliver that I can't do that.
I've made some mistakes.
Where did she get that coat?
I haven't met any of James's brothers.
You should enjoy the moment.
Didn't you know Tommy had a brother?
Charlie just got out of rehab.
Why do you want to kill me?
Do you think I didn't hear that?
We're friends.
I'm trying to help Catherine, but she won't let me.
Someone who knows French well must have written this.
This pair of shoes is a size larger.
Jack was surprised when Susie showed up at his party.
Joe was knocked out.
You're not that important.
You didn't seem surprised when Muhammad told me I didn't have to do that.
She died when she was thirty.
James sent flowers to Valentina.
I never get tired of it.
We're better off not running traffic lights.
Alex has been read his rights.
I don't need you to remind me of anything. I know what I'm supposed to do.
Why did you tell me Muhammad lives in Boston when he actually lives in Chicago?
Just try it out.
We're pleased with the decision.
I don't know her whereabouts.
Nothing is working.
Oscar has all sorts of problems.
Muhammad didn't mention anything about the party.
You must hurry.
William has enough time to do that if he really wants to.
They say that they want more than that.
I wonder what Harry will want to do.
Julia refused to do what I told her she had to do.
Jacob and Lucy told John that they didn't think Alice was correct.
They are having tea in the living room.
How about this for your room?
You've never been as busy as I am right now.
English is spoken around the world.
I can cook very well.
Harry said that Julia has never met John's parents.
He's very close to his family.
We'll eat at Susie's place this evening.
Jack can't ski.
George isn't used to speaking in public.
Tommy has a younger brother named John.
We're ready to put the boat in the water.
Alex might go to Australia next Monday.
I want to learn to dance like you.
Adam said he was ready to talk.
Don't let me catch you doing that.
Why didn't you go with them?
It only took you about three hours to do that, didn't it?
I'm sorry, but I didn't receive any milk at my house today.
I have to get through with the work by tomorrow.
I might not be in Australia next week.
Do you like my T-shirt?
Find out all you can about Alex's business.
I know you like to travel, Jacob.
Harry has been a very good customer.
He put his shoes on.
William and Eva are now cleaning up the area.
Oliver has already decided he's not going to walk home.
Oscar knows exactly what he has to do.
I didn't know that Harry said that he'd do that.
Do you plan to go overseas?
It was only a kiss on the cheek.
Jacob came on Monday and went back home the following day.
Tommy said that he wanted some money.
They did not notice the small differences.
The election campaign of 1880 was not exciting.
Oliver is going to be surprised if you don't do that.
Jami said he's grateful.
I need to ask you some more questions.
I didn't know that you three were friends.
I need a liver transplant.
Oliver and Eva never seem to have any money on them.
Oliver likes to hunt, doesn't he?
Our company has just launched a new product on the market.
William's parents think William is still too young to have a girlfriend.
We knew this was coming.
They're eating apples.
That won't make her happy.
Harry wasn't the one who gave Lucy that.
People fought over supplies.
He was walking slowly down the street.
Do you know when they will be back?
A dog is running in the park.
How have Tommy and Lucy changed?
I haven't heard from Jack in years.
Alex said that Valentina wasn't surprised.
You look good together.
Muhammad and Valentina agree, don't they?
Harry knew that he was safe.
I won't ever kiss James again.
It didn't seem real.
I don't think you need to tell Adam why you weren't here on Monday.
Smoking does damage your lungs.
William and Margaret had a nice time together.
You still look very tired.
Before I go to school, I take a shower.
Waiter, I need a spoon.
He moved to New York, where he looked for a job.
I never should've listened to you.
How about going for a swim?
It's time to carry out the plan.
If Oliver had not called me then, I might have killed myself.
Doing that will be very difficult.
Jacob and Eva said that they'd come back later.
I pretended I didn't know how to open the safe.
We'd like to talk to Harry.
Who do you think is most likely to win the race?
Harry is going to be furious, isn't he?
He was too tired to go any farther.
He got his eyes tested.
Don't trust people who praise you in your presence.
It's more difficult than what you think.
I know Harry knew that Alice was the one who had to do that.
Tommy and Alice said they've been robbed before.
What time do you usually have lunch?
I thought you said you liked William.
I took a taxi from the train station to the hotel.
Who am I supposed to help?
Jami already plans to leave early.
Jacob said that he wanted ice cream.
I never made such a promise.
The dog has destroyed my shoes.
We've got to keep getting better.
Don't talk to him while he's studying.
Lucy is very hard on herself.
Jack and Emma told me that they could help us.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that.
What Tommy and Julia had was special.
We have refused.
Recently, he's been drinking too much.
What would you suggest we eat?
I may be able to come to Australia next October.
Oliver and Lucy ended up not getting paid as much as they expected.
Everybody has to eat.
I have a license.
Charlie is very helpful.
Do you think that it would be fun to do that?
I can try to reason with William.
Where is the receipt that I need?
James will need both of them.
I wish that you'd stay in Australia a few more weeks.
I doubt Muhammad is still desperate to do that.
This is my sister. She is called Julia.
Adam said he was hoping that you could do that.
Did you notice that he left home?
They say there will be a general election this fall.
We shared the profit among us all.
Why do men get all the good jobs?
Do Harry and Susie have a secret?
Let me be honest with you.
I wouldn't accept that job.
Life cannot exist without water.
Catherine had her camera stolen.
Hi. If I'm not mistaken, you're our new neighbors, aren't you?
Maybe Oliver did that on purpose.
As strange as it may be, he met with somebody who is said to be dead.
I'm mature.
He refused to inform them.
How do you know so much about it?
I thought it would be better.
Oliver even worked as a taxi driver in Australia.
I have to fix it.
He warned us not to enter the room.
The noise didn't bother me.
You don't know what you want, do you?
It's Wednesday.
We listen to the radio.
We'll go talk to him.
You know I'm married, don't you?
They said that they're tired.
We finally arrived at the ski hill... the snow had turned into rain.
It's a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love.
I found out we were all alike.
We are very interested.
I still have a few things I need to do.
Jack is determined not to make the same mistakes Anna did.
Don't forget to put a stamp on the letter.
There's nothing more important than friendship.
It's walking distance from here.
Jacob said you were coming by.
Is this interesting to translate?
I've learned so much.
We've worked hard.
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
I didn't have time to eat breakfast this morning.
She worked hard, only to fail the examination.
He has never tasted alcohol.
They said they didn't like to do that.
Tickets are available online or at the door.
Alex and Eva told me that they thought John was bored.
Let's be honest!
Harry stood up and went to the window.
She is easily moved to emotion.
Call me when you get there, so I know that you're safe.
I'm a poet.
There's something we have to get straight.
Some animals eat their young.
Muhammad is a witness.
She blew out all eight of her birthday candles.
Your daughter's on drugs.
Does the government really care?
I know Adam liked to do that.
Muhammad and Julia had a lot of fun.
Muhammad said that I looked hurt.
I know your being here means a lot to Oliver.
Julia told Jami that she thought John was crazy.
What was Dan wearing?
I've never needed anybody.
I thought you knew.
Jacob wasn't there that night.
I think we should tell Olivia that she has to do that.
James burned his tongue on the hot cheese.
Oliver stepped aside, letting Emma pass.
Do I need to go on?
I reckon something scared him.
We took a walk in a beautiful green valley.
I still make many mistakes.
Jami got the part.
Charlie told me I shouldn't eat that.
No one knew Muhammad was in Boston.
Do you like adventure stories?
It just stopped working.
I want to do that, but I can't.
Oliver said that he'll help me get everything I need.
It's good that William hasn't done that yet.
Harry said Valentina is probably still weak.
Hey, where's Oscar?
Laur has already told Harry she doesn't know how to do that.
How long was your flight?
He hasn't come home yet, has he?
She lies!
I think Alex and Lucy are waiting for you on the porch.
Tommy doesn't know for certain when Eva will come.
Did they have it?
Jacob walked into his room and closed the door.
I don't want anyone to see us.
We have to know right away.
Harry forgot to lock the bathroom door.
He will follow William.
Charlie seems to be angry.
My heart is broken.
Does it snow much here in winter?
Anna is hard to reach, isn't she?
Nothing blew up!
I did that slowly.
These people are our guests.
Let's go back to the hotel.
You've got to do it now.
I want you to stay with her.
I told Jack that I never wanted to do that again.
I was hungry.
I must do that carefully.
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty or thirty-one days make up a month.
That was what I meant.
Charlie said he immediately called the police.
If we keep going this way, we'll hit the wall.
Water was coming out of the damaged pipe.
The question is how will we deal with this difficult situation.
I want to talk about what happened.
Muhammad is the son of Alice's cousin.
I can't keep up with you.
We were married five years ago today.
I'd be happy if you'd call me George.
What a stupid question!
She'd be forgiven if she did that.
William tried to help me, but I told him I didn't need his help.
Joe was happy that Laur did that for him.
The harbor can be blocked.
It's going to be hard to find someone to do that.
Do you think Oliver is still doing that?
What shall I put on over my sweater?
No one knows what happened.
Charlie cut his finger.
Don't give up on your dream.
Some think there are too many foreigners; I think there aren't enough.
Where's the fun in that?
We're not likely to see that happen.
Unfortunately the poet died in his youth.
Not everyone who lives here is rich.
Well, go faster.
I think George and Laur were impressed.
Is Olivia planning to do that by herself?
I want to go wherever you go.
Do what we tell you.
The enemy attacked the town.
It isn't safe for you to walk home alone.
I was next.
Oscar said Lucy is pretty good at cooking.
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.
Susie said she'd help Adam, too.
This kind of thing has never happened in Boston.
It's raining outside right now.
Whoa! I'm going to be a father!
Do you dream in French?
Tommy knows that better than anybody.
There's no reason for concern.
Joe and Monica told me they liked snow.
He's not thirsty.
Don't you want to come to Australia with me?
I think that Joe is a nice guy.
Do I look busy to you?
I thought so.
We are playing a game with our visitors.
I never met Harry.
Adam said Lucy was likely to be upset.
That's Charlie playing the piano.
Never doubt!
Susie thought she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Don't let anyone cheat you.
You ought to let Oscar know that you'll probably do that.
Her illness is not such as to cause anxiety.
Thanks for the support.
Harry said that Carmen might agree to do that.
Could you be a little more specific?
I'm really impressed.
I'll wait here till Muhammad comes back.
Can you fix me a reservation?
He kissed me softly on the lips.
Charlie studied French for a few years.
Short and sweet.
James gave Eva a sweater.
George and Laur told John that they thought Alice was upstairs.
Muhammad and Alice are in town.
Go get a beer.
This book was more interesting that I had expected.
You don't love Harry, do you?
William is running out of money.
We can't get a hold of her.
I'd like to live in Rome someday.
His long nose became at least two inches longer.
Don't forget to mail the letters.
What's written on the stone?
I wish Oscar had done that.
Charlie and I lie to each other all the time.
I heard Charlie talking on the phone.
Where does your grandmother live?
I don't think that Adam knows French at all.
Emma doesn't do her job very well.
I know that James knows what Mary did.
James wants to speak with you.
You depend on others' help too much.
Muhammad wanted to be friends with Susie.
Jacob didn't know he didn't have enough money.
Charlie said that Catherine thought John might want to eat with us.
He likes his new car.
How much does it cost to get in?
My heart is in pain.
You don't want to talk to me, do you?
They're talking to him.
Do Alex and Anna still think that's what we want to do?
Muhammad has just done that.
You cannot be too careful in choosing friends.
James is waiting for Julia to do that.
Anna didn't want to look, but she couldn't help herself.
Who else knows that I'm here?
His new car is a real beauty.
Let the devil take him!
Where are the cops?
They won't forget you.
Just tell Alex what you want him to do.
They failed in the examination.
What do you want me to tell you?
He made a speech in support of the plan.
Jack always makes a point of arriving at least five minutes ahead of time.
George is likely to want to stay until Monday.
She must've finished her work early.
What does this mean for William?
You probably think I'm stupid.
Hold on for your lives.
It will soon come out all right.
If it should rain tomorrow, we would go by bus.
I'd like to see it.
How can I contact you?
That won't make me happy.
Mr. Jackson may be our teacher next year.
William will wait as long as he has to.
Russians never smile.
Tommy asked why Olivia needed to do that.
Jacob and I often tell each other stories.
I am a slave to drink.
I didn't want to go, but I needed to.
I have no money with me now.
The company abandoned that project.
We're saving lives.
If Laur knew how to swim, she would go to the beach more often.
I never see that play without crying.
Lucy knew that Alex was upset with her.
To make a long story short, we married.
I don't know what Oscar and Lucy want to eat.
They're now home with their family.
Oliver definitely knew he shouldn't have eaten that.
Where is the garbage area?
I was on the same bus as George.
I was thinking about it a few weeks ago.
Jack thinks Alice probably hasn't done that yet.
George doesn't seem to be as tense as Lucy seems to be.
James usually goes swimming before 2:30.
I don't think this is a good time to do this.
The poor are not those who have little but rather those who need much.
What's the largest city in Australia?
The temple is at the top of the hill.
He will be a good doctor.
"Would you mind taking me home?", she said.
Jack and Catherine said that they were embarrassed.
I'm never satisfied.
He suddenly cut into our conversation.
I can't read your mind.
Jack asked Valentina how much she had paid.
His annual income is more than $100,000.
He raised his hand.
I did that as quickly as I was able to.
Would you make room for me?
Oliver left to go to pick Mary up.
I live right around the corner.
I did some checking.
Jacob has already left for Boston.
Harry is shorter than me, isn't he?
I'll tell the truth.
Do William and Carmen want to see me?
Alice said she liked the idea.
As long as you live under my roof you will live by my rules.
You don't seem to like doing that.
He was kind enough to help me.
Jami is back at work.
Adam asked Monica why she was buying so much food.
What I am talking about right now is the deep love and respect I have for my husband.
I don't know who Oscar wants to go to Australia with.
You didn't say yes, did you?
May I see my girlfriend now?
Who else went to Australia with you?
You can think that if you want.
Muhammad and Julia don't know why John doesn't want them at his party.
She felt like taking a walk.
Make certain that he returned home safely.
William wants Laur to help John.
The loss must be made up for next month.
I'm going to be in Boston next week.
I think that Oscar will very likely win.
You can't fire me, I quit!
The tap was broken, so I wasn't able to use it.
Oscar painted the ceiling white.
William filed an access to information request.
It's actually not that big a deal.
She wakes him up every day at 6:30.
If Jack hadn't done that, someone else would've.
Has it already arrived to you?
I don't think that I could stand it.
I think Jacob will do what's right.
Alex won't likely be better at doing that than Catherine.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Why does Tommy want to do that today?
There are people who cannot see a pearl even when it says "I am a pearl, I'm a pearl."
Tommy has a history of alcohol and drug problems.
Olivia is still kind of young, isn't she?
I don't think Olivia will be doing that by herself.
I can't tell you exactly how long it will take.
William wondered what Catherine had been thinking about.
I don't want her in this room.
It is strange that she should do such a thing.
Adam said he didn't think that Olivia really had to do that.
Alex stabbed Emma while she was sleeping.
Jack told Lucy that it was wrong to lie.
William was angry.
I think Joe might be able to win.
Harry said you might be coming by.
You should have told your parents about it.
Give me this hat.
Oliver took out the rubbish.
Jami has strange ideas.
Jami said he'd assumed Susie would do that.
Adam was not happy.
It's going to be crowded everywhere.
That's why we didn't attack.
I told you to stop doing that.
This ad will end in ten seconds.
How did you know that Charlie and Anna were lying to you?
I'd do that if I had the chance to.
Are you sure you don't want to stay for dinner?
He introduced me to Sue.
What did you recommend?
"Whose keys are these?" "They are Julia's."
I sometimes pray in the meeting room.
May I talk to Adam, please?
The hotel I'm staying at is near the station.
He checked in at a good hotel.
Do you really think William was the first one to do that?
We're never going to make it on time.
Has a solution been found?
She said that she knew what to do.
Susie answered all the questions that Muhammad asked her.
We should have done this much sooner.
I don't think that Jack will agree.
Oliver misses you.
George and Eva said that they didn't mind.
I haven't yet had an appointment with this accountant.
We'll defeat them in the end.
I think William has started already.
I wonder whether I can learn how to do that in three hours.
She wished she had a decent job.
We can't kill him.
Oliver said he knew that he might not be required to do that anymore.
He went by the name of Johnny.
It was kind of crazy.
George realized that he'd made a mistake.
James is seeing someone else, isn't he?
That fire burned the entire town to ashes.
I understand you so much.
Muhammad said he knew that Catherine wouldn't cry.
Harry isn't very good at climbing trees.
Tommy and Monica say they don't think John ought to do that.
George says he doesn't have time to do that right now.
I have no intention of getting married.
There's no reason why you shouldn't do it.
I don't care whether we do that or not.
I didn't think Jacob and Anna were sleepy.
Oliver didn't have to help Alice.
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.
Jacob is probably going to be fine.
Adam doesn't want to hug Eva.
Muhammad said it was pretty easy to do that.
It's past the square.
I just finished reading this book right now.
What were Oliver and Laur fighting about?
It isn't up for discussion.
He doesn't have enough money to travel.
George is usually the first one to arrive.
He died previous to my arrival.
Are you still sore?
How do you know that Adam isn't a native speaker?
Jami and Eva met for dinner.
I'm looking forward to visiting Adam in Australia.
Can I get your opinion on something?
I can never get Joe to eat any vegetables.
Joe and Margaret aren't dead, are they?
You'd be grateful if you knew the whole truth.
Margaret asked Tommy many times to let her go home early, but he wouldn't let her.
We could not continue our journey for lack of money.
Do you help Charlie?
I'm sure there's a connection.
How much does Tommy earn a month?
She planted a palm tree.
Have you ever tried body painting?
I felt that William wasn't doing everything he should have been doing.
Oscar seems very scared.
The tickets are 20 yen each.
That wasn't what we expected.
She's attracted to her husband's best friend.
Do you think Jack and Olivia like doing that?
I get emotional.
I wonder why Oscar stayed in Boston.
This is very valuable.
He makes it a habit to wake up early.
Adam is Catherine's second cousin, isn't he?
Is the patient prepared for surgery?
Alex didn't tell the whole truth.
Jacob isn't as driven as he used to be.
Joe is almost three years older than Lucy.
She's a crazy witch.
Jami and I are soul mates.
I smell something here.
James must've been the one who did this.
I know Tommy is a really interesting guy.
Is he studying now?
Alex and Susie would've done that correctly the first time if John had helped them.
He is studying hard so that he may become a lawyer.
What exactly do you want me to say to Jacob?
James is going to need to do that sooner or later.
They said that they were very lucky.
Jack is back in bed.
William can buy that for you.
Please help!
I have to remember to tell Jami to do that.
She says she thinks we could do that.
Never trust anybody.
I don't want Charlie to know that I got married.
Charlie bought a pizza and took it over to Alice's.
I don't feel like playing golf.
That'll cost us a lot of money.
The American public deserves better.
Do you have any idea what Jack wants?
Oscar and Margaret aren't as lazy as you think they are.
How does Oliver plan to pay for this?
Oscar is unlikely to be here on time.
James and Lucy said they were glad that John did that.
They're asleep in their beds.
Perhaps Tommy can borrow some money from Carmen.
There's nobody inside.
I'm pretty sure that Jacob and Emma are thirsty.
Don't buy it.
William said he'd like to keep working here.
I'm going to be here for three more weeks.
I know that you don't like being kissed.
I didn't know anyone could move that fast.
If you had been a little more patient, you would have succeeded.
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.
I wasn't able to do anything I wanted to do.
I'll let you go home as soon as you finish doing what you're doing.
He is suffering from a bad cold in the nose.
It'll be fine, don't be afraid!
It seems to me that he likes music.
They won't be happy until we're all dead.
Alex and Lucy climbed the mountain in the rain.
I know you miss your friends.
George hasn't taken his pills.
I'm a wreck.
Adam isn't a drug dealer.
Did Jack know that Emma was planning to do that?
James filled the bottle with water.
Change the channel!
I'll consider your suggestion.
Tommy asked if it would be safe if he did that.
With kind regards to you all.
Once I had the chance to visit Paris.
I share your grief.
I went to my bedroom and followed his advice.
William never wanted to teach French.
She did not find it funny.
He doesn't shave his legs.
I hope he knows what he is doing.
You drink water.
She forgot to stop next to my house.
Joe talks quite a lot, doesn't he?
They said they liked me.
I'm Charlie's older sister.
Always carry some cash.
This is the kind of music that I like to listen to.
I had an inspiration.
I can't make it there in time.
I think parents should sing with their children more often than most parents do.
I don't think that Charlie is as stubborn as you think he is.
He likes the music.
According to Charlie, Susie is sick.
Let Oliver take a look at it.
Julia gave the same answer she always does.
I needed this.
Alex could die.
There is a little chill in the air.
Are James and Anna afraid of this?
I'd never do anything that stupid.
Dr. Jackson has many patients.
Do you still drink milk?
I've got Jack in my office.
Eva is my type of woman.
It's quite possible.
They looked like they were determined.
I can't concentrate on my work.
I heard that Adam went fishing yesterday.
Did you see anyone at the mall?
He is no match for me in tennis.
Oliver spent all the money he had to buy Eva a Christmas present.
Oscar was a member of our group.
Yes, the apple is red.
Unfortunately, that's correct.
Neither Harry nor Mary has given me anything.
Tell a beautiful story to my two young friends.
All I ever wanted was to just be left alone.
Oscar has begun to learn French.
You aren't welcome here.
Tommy said I should have stayed in Boston for a few more days.
I thought that I was the only one here who could speak French.
I didn't know who Muhammad was at first.
Eva said that she would do it.
William seems to be having trouble speaking.
I was with him last night.
Jacob and Monica both know that that's not likely to happen.
I go into the store.
Does your dog know any tricks?
I wish my parents would let me do that.
Adam said that he'd look at it.
Jacob and Eva say they'll answer that question later.
William said I should've left earlier.
He left the window as it was, open.
Jack isn't so well-mannered.
She told me she'd buy it.
I went to bed at one o'clock.
Tommy knew that he should study French.
I might not be allowed to do that.
Jami showed no emotion.
George has a job as a taxi driver.
I'm happy Alex and Valentina are telling the truth.
I don't like chess.
Both my mother and I can cook fairly well.
Harry explained his reasons clearly.
I should've given Jack more time.
My passport has been stolen.
I like him better this way.
How much money do you spend on clothing every year?
Watch where you're going.
May I come to see you this afternoon?
I'm not about to stop.
I didn't think James would notice.
James hoped the doctors would tell him he didn't need surgery.
Alex is still on probation, isn't he?
I eat my breakfast at seven o'clock.
Don't rely on others.
They said we could borrow their car.
Harry said that he plans on staying in Australia.
I'm supposed to see James.
He knows how to advise people.
He is still not old enough to go there all alone.
You'll have no problem with this.
It isn't a good car, but it's a car.
She couldn't ask for anything more.
That means we can change.
I thought that you said you were sick of peanut butter.
You shouldn't have written that.
You're a very pretty girl.
Is anybody else in the house?
How often do you hear from Jami?
It has been two years since I studied medicine.
I won't have to leave work early.
Our team is likely to win the game.
Someone stole my bike.
Emma told me she didn't love her husband anymore.
Jami had a little too much.
I'll do the shopping for you.
These pictures were taken by Joe.
We're not going to give Adam the money he asked for.
If you were a spy trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way, you'd likely get caught.
It runs in the family.
I know that Tommy knows that Catherine isn't supposed to do that.
James fell asleep on guard duty.
I knew that Adam would be fired for doing that.
George thinks you'll enjoy this.
My youngest daughter is three years old.
Adam will keep doing that if he wants to.
You'll get there on time if you make the train.
He will regret his own words.
I didn't know that you didn't like Chinese food.
I don't really care how George does that.
In spite of the teacher's warning, the lazy boy comes late as often as not.
I'd like to travel first-class.
What didn't you tell us you didn't want to be here?
Joe, Margaret, John and Alice are all going to be there.
My friend is looking for a new girlfriend.
Why didn't Jack try to call Carmen?
What did you have to do with it?
I thought you'd be thirsty.
He gave up trying, when he might have succeeded.
I've already told Adam how to do that.
I'm pretty angry.
Oliver had reason to be concerned.
You have my word.
I usually sleep with the lights on.
Lucy said there wasn't anything she could do to help.
You were doing this before.
You don't get out much, do you?
We never really wanted to live in Boston.
How long did Tommy stay in Boston?
It would be nice if you could make me something to eat.
I've gotten used to that.
I don't think that you need to tell James you're planning on doing that.
William has left, but he'll be back.
Alex told me he and Julia were planning on going to the beach this coming weekend.
You have a spider on the ceiling!
Jami is in bad shape.
She said she wasn't sick.
I'm already a senior citizen.
James didn't have enough money to buy what he had to buy.
He said that he was tired and that is why he'd like to go home earlier.
We have to evacuate immediately.
I have them on the line.
James was there for me when I really needed him.
Charlie is likely to still be safe.
They need our support.
I'm used to losing.
Would you mind turning down the radio?
Julia isn't doing the best she can.
Art makes me happy.
I just want you to know I'm sorry.
They felt that they needed to do something.
Alex is in the hospital waiting room.
It seemed that William and Anna were depressed.
You are worthy.
I'd like to wash up before we eat.
She ended up going by herself.
Adam and Carmen were the first ones to volunteer to do that.
I'm the one who knows what has to be done.
We can't disappoint him!
What's going on here?
Tommy and Eva say you talked them into it.
The money will carry us for about a month.
How does it feel to be Mrs. Alex Jackson?
I can't give that up.
Empty the car so we can use it.
I think that William wants to go to bed.
I remember reading the book.
Alex never drinks wine.
Ken runs faster than you.
I don't know whether you'd remember Oscar or not.
Adam didn't think too hard about this one.
She told me she wanted to go.
Wake up Charlie.
What are you running away from?
Does George work?
Harry wondered if Anna would like the gift he bought her.
This is going to hurt a bit.
Don't mention this to anyone.
Joe says he's considering getting a dog.
I'm playing a game online.
I've heard of worse things.
I wonder whether Alex and Mary are still alone.
These two plans are alternative.
William thought that he might not need to do that.
It's quite possible that Alex did that.
Didn't I say I'd be back?
William and Susie say that they never cried.
Muhammad thinks Margaret knows what to do.
He played piano by ear.
That's my younger sister's photograph.
Joe is unable to decide which shirt he should wear.
Please tell me about it tomorrow.
The girl who lives next door is very pretty.
Do you think you'll need that?
Maybe we could meet up after school.
Anna told me that she was tense.
Emma was drunk last night when I saw her.
This is not my day.
The sun was shining all around.
Let me show you my new house.
Jami spent the whole morning with Catherine.
What're you doing to her?
Well, what can you say?
Harry and Monica flew to Boston today.
Muhammad and Catherine aren't worried about it.
The worst comes afterwards.
I don't yet know whether Adam will go with me tomorrow or not.
Jami seems to be having a lot of fun.
Muhammad has been here for at least a year.
William doesn't want Julia to see his painting until it's done.
I don't think that Tommy knows the details.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
Julia claimed she didn't do that.
It would've been crazy to do that.
I should stop doing that.
Where did Carmen buy her wedding dress?
You look very beautiful.
James was alone on the island.
I can't wait to get my driver's license.
Can I speak to you for a moment please?
Oliver has gone for good.
I didn't expect you back so soon.
I wish Jacob had known that.
Shouldn't we be talking about what happened?
What'll we do next?
She opened her eyes wide.
Aren't you willing to help?
George reached for the check.
One can gain a greater understanding of one's own language through learning another.
Mom did not mention it.
Have you ever been arrested for drunk driving?
I am!
Harry told me he thought that Olivia was in Boston.
After lunch today, our plan is to take a walk in the park.
Just missed.
It probably won't be interesting to do that.
Both injuries aren't considered serious.
I know that Muhammad will be home on Monday.
Muhammad is almost ready to start.
I feel very angry.
She went out of the room in anger.
Muhammad is an amazing actor.
I don't think Harry is too old for me.
Look me in the eyes and tell me you didn't do it.
Please keep in touch.
Tommy and Olivia both swear they're innocent.
We waited for three hours.
I didn't know that you could drive.
Harry knows what he did was a mistake.
I wonder where Jack and Valentina are from.
My father has been in hospital for two months.
Muhammad went to bed very late last night, so don't wake him up yet.
You simply don't understand.
Read over your paper before you hand it in.
My wife and I sometimes go to eat Chinese.
Of course, I'll marry you.
I can't even wash my face.
I knew you'd quit.
I don't know what's gotten into Tommy.
Why aren't you listening?
Joe is supposed to be helping us.
Alex said that he heard someone snoring.
I'm not sure Jami would want me to give you that.
Make sure that Alex does that by himself.
Flowers attract bees.
Our confidence in him is gone.
She was happy because she passed the exam.
This is a pretty stupid question.
Now stop that.
Jack and Alice aren't quite sure what to make of this.
I think that William is determined to do that.
Take the right road.
Oscar found God in prison.
On the hunt?
Who's your favorite fashion model?
Lucy was very good at doing that when she was young.
Oscar said that Emma wasn't the one responsible for what happened.
Jack's wife had a baby girl yesterday.
I think that's part of the problem.
You seem disappointed.
When are you going to tell Oscar?
Laur tied the rope around her waist.
He said he felt a bit tired.
They promised me that they'd clean my room.
They were really cold.
Monday follows Sunday.
Pour me a glass of wine.
James can leave if he wants to.
I know you won't have time to do that until next Monday.
Eva is in the bathroom, fixing her hair.
I need to talk to you about an urgent matter.
What will I find in the box?
We have a slight problem.
Charlie wrote me about that.
Here's the best part.
Tommy plans on doing that in the near future.
She said that she had a contract.
Let me know when you're ready!
I think she was wrong in regard to that.
The government makes us pay tax.
The salad contained marijuana and then he realized he loved his new job.
I'm preparing breakfast.
I am sorry that I have not written to you for such a long time.
I've only been here for a day and I already want to leave.
William has a new girlfriend already.
They're tears of joy.
Thank you for showing me the way.
He told me he was going to do that.
I rejected their offer.
Alex dropped his books.
They look as if they're in pain.
I don't think George did it.
Is this the best you can do?
What the flip!
Jack wouldn't allow Lucy to see his passport photo.
I'm gonna break your face, you piece of shit.
Adam asked Eva to tell John why she did that.
Valentina has been studying hard, hasn't she?
I told Muhammad that I was interested in buying one of his paintings.
What I'll do is: I'll clean the room.
I learned to read in school.
I've been living in Australia for three years.
You must do the work, even if you do not like it.
You will have nothing to drink but water.
How often do you give blood?
I didn't know you knew Adam.
How's the blue plate?
I've told you over and over again not to do that.
The breakfast cafe will kill me sooner than later.
Oscar will be arriving here soon from Australia.
I don't think they'll permit Jacob to do that.
Oliver and Julia said they weren't in the mood to do that today.
I really don't want to get any first-degree burns.
I didn't know William would be nervous.
I know that Adam has done that.
They had trouble finding their keys.
Jack takes his coffee black.
Oliver said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
Don't leave the bedroom window open.
Harry says he isn't yet sure what the problem is.
Did William and Olivia both have to do that?
Was Charlie getting under your skin?
I can't imagine what that would be like.
I don't know exactly when he will arrive.
I don't think that Jack knows why Emma doesn't like living in Boston.
That happens to all of us.
It is high time you went to bed.
I had everything to be happy.
Adam could likely talk Monica out of doing that.
We shouldn't stand in Jack's way.
Don't you want to talk about what happened yesterday?
She believes it.
Tell Charlie I'm not interested in the car he's trying to sell.
How about a hug?
Anyway, you're my friend.
Where is everybody now?
Monica didn't finish the job we asked her to do.
Harry waited half an hour and then left.
Won't you look in on us?
Where did you say Oscar and Carmen were staying?
Harry's not fat.
I guess you've got me there.
What time will the flight arrive in Boston?
I was not sure what to do.
I give Jack the apple.
Olivia says she's not going to do that.
Sometimes I wonder what you're thinking.
This might be it.
Monica hanged herself in jail.
He's the boss.
Oscar is very good at cooking.
It wasn't necessary for you to see him to the door.
You're off the hook this time.
I rely on Alex.
Muhammad thought something bad would happen.
He was a tall, thin man.
He was granted permission to leave early.
Those who choose not to read have no advantage over those who can't read.
Muhammad and Lucy both plan to do that.
Shut up and clean your room!
What happened in here?
They may do that on their own.
Main Street was blocked off all morning for the parade.
I knew that I shouldn't waste my time trying to convince Alex to do that.
There are fifty states in the union.
Valentina swore she wouldn't do that again.
He kicked the dog which ran at him.
Jack never seems to have any free time.
I know Jami is a gun owner.
This mountain is among the highest in the world.
Jacob is looking for a man named John Jackson.
Children whose parents are rich do not know how to use money.
Jami realized you didn't need to do that.
I'm very greedy.
I'm often wrong.
My daughter drew me a picture.
‎I am sorry, but I never apologize.
Obviously, Oscar hasn't told anyone about us yet.
They kept themselves busy.
I think we'd better take a break.
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
You should have told Oliver that he wasn't supposed to do that.
Please say it in French.
People are counting on us.
Do you think Tommy is responsible for what happened?
We can rest after lunch.
I'm sorry I couldn't write to you sooner.
I'm going to go to the airport.
You're the only person I'd consider giving this to.
What do they call you?
I've got to stay a little longer.
You're not the only one who has had problems with Jack.
I don't think I've ever met anyone like you.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be drunk very soon.
They thought that they could win.
James doesn't have a job right now.
Do you like dancing?
There's no one here to help us fix the problem.
Jacob thinks that Alice is over forty.
Jack and Olivia have told me that they have to do that.
We must take his youth into account.
Alex was sitting at his desk.
Go there now.
Can we afford to take the chance?
You must study hard while young.
Jack stood as I approached.
Sometimes telling the truth hurts.
I hear that you're very good at what you do.
Be sure to get a receipt.
Jacob admitted that he stole Julia's jewelry.
What's your two cents?
James ate Anna's sandwich.
Could you mind my bag for a moment while I go to the toilet?
I remember your father.
If you're going to lie, you need a good memory.
Who is that man over there?
I know that you must have a lot of questions.
Enjoy your retirement.
Don't do anything embarrassing.
We make sake from rice.
Is he busy?
Jami speaks very highly of you.
It's way too heavy.
He's a lovely young man.
If I were to live abroad, I would live in Britain.
Adam lives near me.
I'm a bit lazy.
George and Susie still haven't done what we asked them to do.
I wonder whether Tommy would help me with my homework.
Here's the file.
Muhammad and Monica didn't regret their decision.
Harry seems to be in a hurry to do that.
Adam and Olivia were both laughing.
Don't talk in a loud voice here.
Everybody's on edge around the office.
When the visitor entered the room, we stood to greet him.
I wouldn't have recognized Jack if he hadn't been with Olivia.
The story has in it something of the element of tragedy.
How are your children?
Oscar tied Laur to the chair.
It's in front of a restaurant on 42nd street.
He is thinking of going to sea.
Jacob has neither a cat nor a dog.
Summer is the season I like best.
Would nine o'clock be convenient for Alex?
No one's buying it.
Tommy and Carmen won't likely try to do that on their own.
I told Oscar the truth.
Only a free people can be happy.
Oliver wished it would last forever.
Jacob can barely keep it together.
He went back into his room.
Alex thinks it'll be fine.
They said that they left their keys at home.
They said they were hoping to see you.
I think that Joe will probably cry.
Oscar is likely to be awake now.
Tommy says he plans on being in Boston next weekend.
I thought that George would be nervous, but he was very relaxed.
Maybe they can help us find a cure.
They took everything with them.
I thought that you moved to Boston.
When one door closes, open another one.
She says she wants more than that.
How do you know this machine is really safe to use?
I also don't think that Adam has to do that.
What can you tell us about this?
He remained in his room all day.
I'm doing this job to help a friend.
Joe won't get my vote.
The results aren't out yet.
Joe has spoken to me.
Jack and Margaret said they were really lucky.
This could be your big moment.
John will clean the potatoes.
It doesn't seem fair not to pay George the same as we're paying Carmen.
Joe might be on to something.
Susie told Jami she could probably do that by herself.
Where do you think William and Catherine are going to do that?
He did it, didn't he?
We're still too young.
Tommy is average height.
Do you like modern music?
William wondered why Alice was so excited.
I should've been the one to tell Jacob about what happened to Julia.
I don't doubt William has done that.
Perhaps Jami should've done that by himself.
We will have brought you to the hospital afterwards.
You shouldn't have to pay that much to buy one of those.
We can always ask Charlie for help.
He got up late and was late for school.
She plays tennis daily.
George couldn't help but wonder if it was a dream.
I wonder what William and Olivia need to do.
Does that really happen?
Why didn't you talk to Charlie?
That's never gonna happen again, right?
Alex lives in the worst part of town.
My father knows your mother very well.
The noise kept me awake.
I thought that the police were looking for George.
Then we went to the theater.
He was angry with his daughter.
I'm all alone right now.
Jacob is living in an apartment.
I might go running with Joe this afternoon.
Oliver ate a turkey sandwich and drank a glass of orange juice.
It won't be long before they get married.
I had a white dress made by my mother.
What did Adam tell you he was supposed to do?
I'll tell Oscar that you were here.
I want to move somewhere where the rent isn't so high.
I thought Charlie wasn't mad at you anymore.
William and Anna both wanted to go.
I don't understand the meaning of this phrase.
She locked her bike to a tree.
Lucy is still staring at me, isn't she?
"Your skin looks nice." "Oh? That's the first time anyone has told me that!"
He left by himself.
Did they ever find him?
Welcome to China!
Would you like me to wrap it for you?
"How long have you been in Australia for?" "3 years"
I thought that it wouldn't rain today.
All the students of the university have access to the university library.
I just got by on the test.
What Jacob really wanted was a new car.
You shouldn't eat here.
Could you solve the problem?
Button it!
Order me another one.
Muhammad seems to be trying to impress the new manager.
We don't have to go anywhere fancy. Maybe we could just grab something at Jami's Restaurant.
William quietly entered the room.
Oscar is still not safe.
Joe knew that Eva told everyone she was going to go to Australia.
Is life here hard?
Muhammad must've traveled a lot when he was younger.
I'm not sure if there was anything in the box or not.
What a man!
I wasn't really interested.
I don't think that Tommy can hear Laur.
Margaret is coming back, isn't she?
I didn't think Jacob would ever forget you.
She lost her temper with me when I broke the cup.
I hope you get a chance to go to Boston.
She handed him the key.
Here's a list of our demands.
William didn't tell Alice the truth.
Day after day I write to her.
We used to live in Boston.
I just did what they told me to do.
I can't precisely tell you how long that will continue.
You've never forgotten to send your mother a birthday present.
I thought that Muhammad wouldn't come.
Well, what did you expect?
He was big and handsome.
George doesn't want anybody to know that he's going to Australia.
I told Charlie that I wasn't interested in working for him.
She admitted that she was very tired.
All Tommy and Eva do nowadays is study.
Oliver will tell you what you need to know.
Tommy and Carmen are aware of what's going on.
Joe told me he thought this was a good idea.
Charlie was the one who made that decision.
Promise me you won't do that.
I'll need both of them.
I can't remember what Harry told me I needed to do.
Was it you who told Joe he has to do that?
I went to college in Australia.
Jack decided to give Mary a second chance.
Jacob finally went to Boston last summer.
Alex left the water running.
Is this really happening to me?
James and Monica did everything they could to stop John from doing that.
I hope Joe doesn't have to do that.
Let's definitely do that.
Can you write a letter in English?
Adam knows why Julia studied French.
Do you think George would go to Boston with me if I asked him to?
I'm not sure I really want to do this.
Our boss organized today's clean-up.
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.
What's happening tonight?
I'm pretty uncomfortable right now.
When I first met Susie, I didn't know that she was rich.
That possibility had never even occurred to me.
Perhaps Jack and Laur should travel together.
I know that Jack knows Eva wants to do that.
She laughed at my jokes.
Alex always leaves for school too late.
Orange is Joe's favorite color.
Listen, we have a problem.
He likes his coffee strong.
Do you speak Russian?
You've got to see her.
Perhaps it's real.
I found the money that Jacob had lost.
I sure hope that's not true.
Joe goes to school on foot.
Alice may possibly come.
Her biggest interest is strength training.
Will Jacob ever do that?
You collected coffee cups, didn't you?
Has Charlie given the go-ahead?
I don't care what we do.
I think that Adam and Catherine are dating.
I'll have to pay for it.
Peter doesn't need to attend the meeting.
Adam, get up!
He didn't do anything except read the newspaper.
Joe has decided to become a cook.
It is ten years since I left college.
That remains a big problem.
How long do you think it's going to take you to come up with a solution?
James is very curious about that.
Oliver knows he shouldn't be doing that now.
We hope that you won't do that.
It will shortly stop raining.
I didn't know how to tell him how much I loved him.
May I take off my coat?
I meet her on occasion at a beauty shop.
I don't hate this.
I like them.
It was because he was ill that he decided to return home.
It might take years.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
Alex doesn't want Alice to go anywhere without him.
Adam saw the bigger picture.
Valentina told me that she spoke French.
I think that Jami is too young to retire.
I don't think I'll be the first one to do that.
Why don't you all come with me?
Muhammad and Alice know they need help.
Jack isn't going to try to win.
It's five till four.
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.
That's going to take a lot time.
I don't go swimming as often as I'd like to.
I know Jack didn't want be the next one to do that.
Do you know why I call you Jack?
I can be your best friend.
George and Monica don't know what they ought to do.
When was the last time Adam drove a truck?
You seem to be in pain.
They decided to quit their jobs.
Maybe that'll tell us something.
Linda hasn't arrived yet.
If it rains the day after tomorrow, I will stay at home.
Mary raised the three children by herself.
I want him to see this.
Short hair really suits her.
Our guests will arrive in a few minutes.
She says she isn't giving up.
He only does that when he's angry.
They couldn't buy everything they needed.
"What do you want?" "I want meat."
Did you learn to speak French when you were a child?
Instructions will be provided.
Oscar didn't want to die.
You're cheating on me, aren't you?
He understood and remembered easily everything that was taught to him; his teachers were very happy about it.
James said Margaret hardly ever does that.
I'm pleased you still remember.
I play bass in a jazz band.
Alex likes them.
Tommy is very special.
Alex and Margaret are considering that.
Call my wife.
I can't praise him enough.
Tell me why you didn't ask them.
It's not nice to make fun of others.
I'm not the only one here who thinks Oliver isn't a nice guy.
I know that you're going to do very well.
I'm sorry I called you names.
Why is it important to eat healthy food?
We did it with the greatest pleasure.
Some were injured and others were killed in the accident.
Jami has brought presents for us.
We can get started right away.
I think Susie wants to kill herself.
George was glad Carmen didn't do that for him.
Would it be all right if I visited you today?
They are watching what's happening closely.
William has a ticket.
Adam and Susie are now able to do that by themselves.
I'm saying I'm not sure.
Adam has spent time in prison.
I thought Oliver understood.
Do you enjoy dancing?
Adam said he wasn't willing to take that risk.
Alex said that I should've stayed in Boston for another week or so.
Don't you feel important?
Jami asked me where I was from.
It won't be as had to do that as you think.
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.
A big day awaits us.
Don't expect me if it's raining.
I'm not going to be able to do that alone.
Jack was the only boy Emma had really ever talked to.
Jami asked Mary not to do that here.
I am still a bit sore after my operation.
That will be funny.
You admitted that you were wrong.
Who hit the home run?
How tough was the test?
She is on the radio.
I have to leave again.
Can I wear your clothes?
William doesn't have a bike.
He took it as a personal attack this time
You're winning, aren't you?
There was nothing I could do to help.
Jami would have won the race if he'd run just a little bit faster.
William doesn't know whether I have to do that or not.
You like ugly people.
Everyone but me laughed.
Do you really think this is a good idea?
George knows that you know.
George can speak French as well.
He mentioned your name to me.
Where's my invite?
I wonder if this is really worth doing.
James said he thought Lucy wasn't happy.
George showed up late to class.
You need to get permission from Charlie.
It won't just happen overnight.
It can't happen.
How often does Harry go to Boston?
I didn't even ask him what his name was.
Can you teach me how to fly?
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
How do you eat like that and keep your figure?
We ran as fast as we could.
James doesn't know whether the concert went well or not.
I knew that Muhammad didn't do that very often.
William doesn't do that well enough.
What's your book about?
I'm not Jacob's girlfriend.
Let's talk about your job.
You may have to do that by yourself.
George looks like he's sad.
I think Jacob doesn't want to tell us the truth.
I don't think that I'll allow Tommy to do that by himself.
I think that Jami will likely be home on Monday.
Did you go to a concert in Germany?
Jacob wasn't embarrassed, but Mary was.
He needs a cup of sugar.
He says he does that a lot.
I think it's unlikely that Alex will come to the party alone.
I wonder if James was the one who left that there.
I didn't have anything planned for today.
I rarely get out on weekends.
What's that building over there?
Jacob assumed everyone knew that he'd spent time in prison.
I grew up on a farm not too far from Boston.
She showed him the photo.
Tommy needs to know that we're here.
Alex doesn't like to discuss his work.
How so?
I think that that's the reason why Jack is doing that.
And if he keeps messing with me I'll cut his head off!
In the absence of firm evidence the prisoner was set free.
There were many things that I didn't like about that movie.
Jami wanted me to let you know when Emma will be arriving.
We talked to everyone.
Muhammad didn't want to go to the movies.
Alex never was neat.
Adam realized that he shouldn't do that.
Can you show me the list of prices?
Where did she put the newspaper?
I can see why Jami likes having you around.
Who would have thought this would happen?
Is that illegal?
This is also rather short.
We didn't know which bus we should take.
It was too late for you to say no, wasn't it?
The children soon became attached to their new teacher.
It's Germany's highest mountain.
The big white dog looks at that cat.
I didn't intend to hurt Jack's feelings.
William isn't feeling at all well.
Monica wasn't told she shouldn't do that.
The dog was run over by a car.
Every law has its exception.
It isn't quite dark yet.
I may have to fire Joe.
You know something you haven't told us, don't you?
I think William and Eva both have lied to us.
Catherine told me that she didn't love Charlie anymore.
Tommy plans to go, too.
Julia wants her next house to have an open plan kitchen.
If you don't do that, it won't get done.
Why is Oscar hiding from me?
Alex tried to fire his gun, but nothing happened.
It's hurting our children.
I speak French fairly well, but not as well as I speak English.
Harry agreed to Julia's plan.
It was cheaper than I had thought it would be.
You think you're so tough. You wouldn't last a minute in my neighborhood.
It'll take time.
I've already read some of what you wrote.
He is believed to have passed the examination.
Please listen!
It is hard to be successful at both study and club activities.
Emma is a stubborn person, isn't she?
You're both insane.
William was very convincing, wasn't he?
They don't really believe that nonsense, do they?
Adam rushed back inside.
It's my favorite character.
It's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour.
I can't deny this.
I don't know whether it's true or not.
Why shouldn't I stay in Boston?
I know James is afraid he'll get lost.
Be right there.
Let's go to Australia next month.
I know who the thief is.
Adam thinks Margaret won't be late.
He's been taught to accept things as they are.
I'm not planning to stay in Australia very long.
I'm having a really hard time getting to sleep at night.
Stay away from that guy.
I know you feel helpless.
How am I supposed to use this?
George and Olivia are pretty proud of that.
Jack was lame.
I guess it's decided.
What made you say such a stupid thing as that?
She told us the road was closed.
If you want, I will come back here.
Muhammad didn't want that.
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.
I knew Muhammad would regret doing that.
I knew that Charlie wouldn't lie to us.
Julia hates secrets.
The only person Oscar ever talks to is Eva.
Let's not wait for George.
It's not without risks.
I can't explain the difference between the two.
I'll do everything for you, so you have only to wait here.
Jami has to go see Julia.
I don't think I ought to do that.
Do you think that you can do that by yourself?
I don't think that Tommy is listening to me.
Jacob knew that what he did was wrong.
There's always a catch.
I want to know if you have a driver's license.
They should know it.
When does Jack want to do this?
You've got to be ready for anything.
May I come tomorrow, too?
Did Tommy say he didn't have to do that?
We all couldn't believe it.
Slow down.
I'd really love a cold glass of milk.
Why don't you just call for help?
Jack climbed down the fire escape.
I went to the beach last weekend with George.
I wasn't paying attention in class today.
Show it to mom!
I thought she was pretty.
I spent the best times of my life at my grandfather's house.
You have no idea how hard I've had to work to do this.
His name has slipped my mind.
Do you agree to our proposal?
What's going on with you? You haven't been talking to me for a while now.
"Whose car is that over there?" "It's Jami's."
I don't consider myself an idiot.
You seem really nice.
Adam will probably tell Mary what he needs to do.
The idiots are always yelling at each other for stupid reasons.
Oliver likes listening to classical music.
I wonder whether William and Alice are really tired.
William's parents never told him about the facts of life.
Jacob has been helping us all day.
Fulfill your duty.
Who's behind you?
Would you like for me to help you?
I didn't do that just for fun.
There are many modern buildings around here.
Adam said he wouldn't mind doing that for Olivia.
It's called the American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it.
We really want to win.
I'm surrounded by enemies.
We can watch on the screen you see in front of you.
It tastes like chicken.
Do you know why William is doing that?
George can do it better than I can.
Eva reads to improve her mind.
All the humans were replaced by robots.
Would you like me to thread the needle for you?
Right now, it is a half past ten.
I didn't meet anyone.
How much time will she spend at Pierre's?
We could have waited, but we decided to leave without Jacob.
Muhammad can learn anything.
It's very slow.
I'll contact you later.
This message turned out to be a little hard for me to write.
This car is always breaking down lately.
His delay of coming here on time is due to a traffic accident.
Oscar is studying at his desk.
I didn't get paid much do that.
I left my card at home.
I don't like having to admit I can't read.
Could you sign here, please?
Why did you do that to Adam?
The first stage of the operation has been accomplished.
This will only take a moment.
Sometimes it seems that no matter what you do, you can't make a difference.
Adam said that he's already talked to Valentina about that.
Don't tell me you've never been to Boston.
I don't have any idea where Oliver is.
If Oscar really liked me, he would've called me last night.
I am not all too certain of my position.
I don't feel like doing anything tonight.
Jack and Valentina kissed each other more than once.
It didn't seem necessary.
Everybody knew William didn't want to do that.
Alex said he didn't care whether we stayed or not.
Jami asked Eva out to dinner, but she said no.
You should buy one for Jami, too.
Jack is a self-educated man.
Monica said she's determined to do that.
He knocked on the door, then came in.
You should have waited until we got here before you started eating.
We can't afford another failure.
Tommy started to yell at Catherine.
He put on his rubber gloves.
That's actually what happened.
The details really don't matter.
You must drink when you're thirsty.
Gosh, this is so embarrassing.
We have no idea about his whereabouts.
Please make sure the drinking water is pure.
Did you enjoy yourself last evening?
I won't eat breakfast tomorrow.
Muhammad didn't tell me about it.
You aren't tall enough, are you?
She stood close to her husband.
Jacob told me that he was going to Boston next week.
James said that he thought that he could do that today.
Oscar will have to help me.
Perhaps Adam is waiting for a reply.
I hope James doesn't win.
Julia gave me her phone number.
Could you come over to my place tomorrow?
I took him at his word.
I'm well aware of the problems we face.
Don't you think we should let Julia do whatever she wants?
Oscar was feeling pretty tired.
Immediate measures are needed.
Do you ever teach?
I speak Spanish a little bit.
Can I talk to you over here for a second?
He often comes late.
They received a positive response.
Nothing bad ever happens.
Yes? What were you looking for?
Nobody pays attention to William.
I missed one.
The teacher went back to his desk.
May I ask her a few questions?
Do I need to set the table?
Nobody had ever heard of it.
Tell Harry I'll sign the contract.
I like your dog.
Do you want any help, Charlie?
Give me two hours.
James and Catherine wished they hadn't asked John to quit doing that.
I'll tell my mom!
When you see Harry, please give this to him.
Alex has told me he has to go to Australia next week.
Harry and Monica are interested in animals.
How stupid do you have to be to send naked pictures of yourself to anybody?
Get out of my head! Get out!
This is my very last chance to see Joe.
I'll do my best to be there by 2:30.
I didn't know someone still lived in that house.
We'll all be there.
Monica told me she wasn't upset.
Nobody can help her.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
Jack may have taken my umbrella by mistake.
What do I care what they think?
There was no emergency.
Tommy told me he hoped Anna would be able to do that.
They said that they were sick.
They were very proud of themselves.
I went to the beach yesterday.
May I do that when I'm in Boston?
Tommy wrapped the present he was going to give to Carmen.
Mary is beautiful and intelligent.
You shouldn't have kissed Jack yesterday.
I'm pretty sure Jami will do that.
Jacob managed to sell his car for a lot of money.
Tell me about him. What does he look like?
I know Muhammad knows Margaret can't do that.
Our future is at stake.
He listened carefully so that he might not miss a single word.
George felt he had to do something.
You have no idea why Oscar wanted you to stop doing that.
Tommy is hard to reach, isn't he?
Did Charlie and Catherine say why they were leaving?
I saw James holding your hand.
Muhammad never wins.
What do you think about this outfit?
We don't get along.
Emma admitted she was wrong.
Harry isn't sure what else he should do.
I believe that you will love it!
It made no difference.
William hardly ever keeps his word.
Emma said she did that in 2013.
That could take a while.
Bill is as tall as Jack.
Well, what shall we do for fun today...
Joe and Julia are going to be just fine.
I'm going to figure this out.
Jack and Alice say they don't have time to do that now.
Oliver sold used cars for a while.
I'm very surprised that Jack couldn't do that.
Don't break her heart.
He did everything he could for his child.
Just make this stop.
I'm never going to give up trying.
You need to keep trying until you get it right.
We're going to have to deal with it tomorrow.
He sent me a comic book from Germany.
That wasn't what I expected to happen.
How did Alice get James to help her with her homework?
We always love best the people who need us.
Emma isn't sure what else she can do.
She'll be gone abroad in another six months.
Oscar could no longer contain his anger.
Jack told me that he thought that it would rain all day.
You can borrow a copy from any public library.
I didn't want Oliver to buy me an expensive engagement ring.
Please explain what's happening here.
William said he didn't want a party on his birthday.
He kindly answered the question.
He can't manage on his own.
I've played tennis for years and years.
I can't come to work tomorrow.
Save me a piece of pie.
Winter is here, and the weather's getting cold.
Margaret looks like she's relieved.
Don't you remember her?
Even if you're right, what's the difference?
Harry and Laur looked like they were satisfied.
He asked me to do it.
He is not sitting on a bench.
He looked like he was curious.
I'll ask Carmen why she agreed to do that.
Help me take this apart.
I didn't want to be late for my first class.
I grew desperate.
She isn't what she seems.
I still have time to do that before 2:30.
We need a bottle of juice.
No one else came to the meeting.
Why are you all here?
You're powerful.
I'm not allowed to do that.
Food is cheap in Germany.
Oscar is still working at the same company.
He still hasn't paid his rent.
I wanted to tell George that I couldn't do that.
I don't want any more complaining.
That's too expensive for me to buy.
Nobody's seen Alex and Alice in a month.
So far I haven't had to do that.
James is still trying to figure out what caused the accident.
Tommy doesn't want to go away.
There are about 1000 students at our high school.
I can hardly remember Alex.
You seem to be lost.
The excited woman tried to explain the accident all in one breath.
Mother told me to behave myself.
James and Catherine can move it by themselves.
He knows how to paint houses.
I knew that Charlie was a lot younger than Susie.
Thursday night is free beer night.
I'm used to thinking on my feet.
Jacob was introduced to Anna by John.
He convinced me that his brother was innocent.
Jacob should've been able to do that without Catherine's help.
William thinks he'll probably never fall in love.
Adam didn't have everything he wanted.
Jacob and Olivia won't change their minds.
We need to find a solution soon.
Would you like a cup of milk?
Once he got a taste, you couldn't keep him away from it.
What does Oliver expect?
We know it's important to you.
I didn't have enough money to buy that.
The sun is about 1,000,000 times as large as the earth.
How can you feel sorry for someone like that?
I don't think we want to risk that happening.
Adam has to worry about himself.
Margaret told Jacob that she wanted his help.
Oscar asked Monica to ask John about that.
I thought Tommy and Emma were going to be shot.
I've been making decisions all day.
Alex and I are married.
Joe wanted to hear every detail.
Today is October 20th.
Do you know what Jack did yesterday?
Don't let anything slow you down.
Don't let her escape!
Let Jacob and Valentina buy whatever they want.
I know Oliver doesn't know why Olivia did that by herself.
Where can I wash my hands before I eat?
I myself didn't have to go and meet him there.
I want to hear from her.
I couldn't have planned this.
I often make use of the library to study.
This room is awfully cold.
Oliver says he's not planning on doing that.
I advise you not to keep company with Jacob.
Tommy came away impressed.
I knew that Joe didn't how long it was going to take to do that.
I thought would make it easier.
They can't do it by themselves.
The lesson being over, children ran out into the hall.
Do you want to know who did this?
His wife gave birth to twins.
Have you ever been abroad?
I have to leave early in the morning.
I got it for free.
As far as I know, he is innocent.
The French president is to visit Japan next month.
He has lung cancer.
I should've visited Boston, but I didn't.
Today's play really moved me.
Hand it to him.
Charlie said he thought he might not need to do that by himself.
She told me she was really hungry.
I saw him coming upstairs.
George said he couldn't help us today.
You know about that, don't you?
William paid for Julia's French lessons.
I'm no longer working for them.
Alex looked like he was occupied.
Thank you for helping me keep out of trouble.
I'm just saying you shouldn't trust Harry.
Can you come to my country?
Time flew.
If anyone calls for me, tell them I'm not here.
Many people believe that our country's politicians are corrupt.
I was an honest man until 1985.
I'm never happier than when I'm by myself.
Adam sat down next to the fire.
I've seen the way you look at Jacob.
You can also go up with the elevator.
I don't know what's in there.
I can't just leave him there.
This is only for your personal use.
Can't you come to Australia with William?
He couldn't stop laughing.
Alex can't help move the piano because he has a bad back.
You're so stuck up.
My mother and I were in the garden all afternoon.
I don't think we're alone.
This book isn't very good.
Oscar's death was an accident.
Harry told Laur to turn the radio off.
Do you think that people are mean to you?
Joe wondered what Alice was planning to do.
I want to deal with this letter before I do anything else.
Have you checked this with her?
I can't talk to you here. It's too dangerous.
Did you forget to buy eggs?
Did you explain the situation to Oliver?
I know that Jacob hasn't been doing that.
Do you desire to surprise your loved one tonight?
This is the wrong way!
Did you realize that you haven't eaten anything since this morning?
They can't hurt you now.
Harry was falling-down drunk.
Who invented glasses?
I don't like to laugh.
Tommy made a fool of himself.
We have experienced many changes over the last decade.
I've lost track of them.
Her father is Japanese.
I'm ordering a steak. I suggest you do the same.
Don't you know that he passed away two years ago?
We bought a pound of tea.
How did you like the party?
We have the necessary equipment.
I'll just go check.
It isn't any different from what I expected.
When does the last train leave?
Tommy has to be the last one to do that.
F*uk you
Maybe it was stupid of me to think that Jack would really help us.
Everyone should know this.
They attempted to escape.
Where can we have lunch?
We're not going to talk to Harry.
Muhammad didn't hurt anyone, did he?
What do you want such an old car for?
I don't think that we should do that the way Muhammad told us to.
Will you ever make money doing that?
It's not my choice.
Oliver is almost as tall as I am.
Doesn't that mean anything?
We're on the wrong track.
Mom put me to work against my will.
I should have at least offered to pay.
George failed in business.
I don't want to do that the way Oscar suggested.
I thought that you said that it was getting fixed.
I'm not being naive.
I wasn't able to pass the test.
You and Adam will have a lot to talk about.
Don't rely on his help.
Muhammad opened the door quietly, so he wouldn't wake Monica up.
They felt he had no chance to win the election.
Do you know a good film?
We've been invited to a costume party.
I thought that Tommy had gotten out of the hospital.
Compared to basketball, baseball might be considered a little slow and boring.
I want my freedom.
I think Alex and Mary are finished doing that.
George said he's always lived on Park Street.
That calls for a drink.
Harry hadn't expected that.
Joe could have been quicker at doing that than Laur if he'd tried harder.
Charlie was at Lucy's house.
I'm in complete agreement with everything he said.
I like swimming in the sea.
Oliver and Catherine live with their parents in a small house.
Are you wearing new shoes?
I used to be the same age as you.
Children always want to become adults.
Jack talked about growing up in Boston.
Would you be quiet, please?
They are now sitting in conference on that question.
In England, in the summer, the sun rises at about 4 a.m.
Charlie is the only one likely to be able to convince Julia to do that.
Adam said that you were happy here.
I don't need your money.
Let's begin.
Haven't you got nothing better to do?
James said that he thought that you could do that.
She thinks that she's always right.
I do believe in miracles.
It has affected us.
Do you know which book sells well now?
You have lots of friends.
I know what your problem is.
"Harry made me an offer of marriage." "At long last!"
I knew Oliver was a truck driver.
I have confidence in you.
Did you grade the tests?
Joe didn't take his hat off.
I couldn't call you. The telephone was out of order.
Carmen stopped to catch her breath.
They just wanted to be left alone.
My friend wrote me a letter in which he asks if I am well.
Two men were on watch round the body.
Jacob should've trusted his instinct.
No sooner had Olivia broken up with Charlie than John asked her out.
Oscar thinks that we won't be able to win.
Oscar is just trying to protect Laur.
The person that told me the mall closes at 9:00 p.m. was wrong.
George said I shouldn't tell Alice to do that.
I am in Russia.
I want you to go to church.
Jacob doesn't want the same things Monica wants.
Don't you ever say anything?
Nothing gets past you.
What makes you think I wasn't trying?
Tommy said that tomorrow is Monday.
Dan rented that car from London.
James thinks that he'll die soon.
I'm not sure where to put this.
It's safer to stay here.
He fell a victim to his own ambition.
I'm usually the one who takes out the garbage.
He was too sleepy to read the evening newspaper.
That's so lame.
Jacob doesn't understand why we're doing this.
I doubt if Tommy will be interested in doing that.
Hand me that phone.
Is anybody on the line?
How do you go there? By car?
Jacob didn't seem surprised that Julia didn't know what to do.
Laur admitted she did what she promised not to do.
The sky is clear and the sun is bright.
Joe and Anna were childhood friends, right?
Were Alex and Carmen caught?
Walking along the street, I found a wallet.
What do you mean by 'White Anglo-Saxon'? Have there ever been any black, yellow or red Anglo-Saxons?
Divide the cake among the three of you.
He loves to gossip.
I'm sure it's a good one.
She said she had no regrets.
That woman knows who I am and loves me anyway.
I'm short of cash at the moment.
Are you sure that you can do that?
Would you like me to ask Jami to buy that for you?
Doing this is a lot of fun.
Carmen broke her own record.
Will James be allowed to go camping with the other children?
Let me pay my share of the expenses.
Adam said that Laur was planning on going by herself.
Is that Adam's daughter?
Many soldiers were killed in World War II.
May I have this dance?
I've made a complaint.
The actor is nowhere near as popular as he used to be.
It won't be any fun unless William and Margaret do that with us.
It's obvious what he's trying to do.
I understand you're going to Australia next week.
I come back home at 6:30.
I'm going to give everything back soon.
We were glad when we saw a light in the distance.
I will hit Laur.
I don't work for her anymore.
He told me he was done.
If it happens to rain, the garden party won't be held.
I wonder whether or not Muhammad is afraid.
Who has eaten all the cookies?
She said she wasn't cold.
I think Adam is going to call you.
These are really just excuses.
They don't want her there.
I'm sorry I'm late. It won't happen again.
Muhammad and I should've gone there ourselves.
It took me an hour to learn the poem by heart.
Alex is an education major.
I enjoy eating hot soup.
You can sleep here if you want.
Adam is going to school in Boston.
I don't even have a pair of shoes.
I'd like to continue working here.
French is very difficult to learn.
I am pressed for time.
I don't want to go to the circus with James.
I was surprised that Jack had to do that.
Joe has psychological problems.
Our friends took a walk in the park.
I'd like a book.
We already have three events booked for next week.
I never thought that about you.
We need to hire someone to take care of this problem.
Charlie has been living in Boston for almost ten years.
I knew it could happen.
George did it on his own.
Jacob has a knife in his right hand.
Joe suddenly got happy when Catherine walked into the room.
I assume I was invited.
Gambling brought about his ruin.
Getting George to show up on time won't be easy.
Can we stay in Australia for a few weeks?
Do you know my son?
Oliver said Julia knew John might be required to do that in the near future.
I'm at the prison.
How do they decide how many hours you work per week?
It was more difficult to do that than George said it would be.
Susie came here on her own.
Let the party begin.
Oscar was really good at that.
They told me they want to die.
I want to buy a new bicycle.
What language do you use at work?
Jami's car is parked in front of my car.
They sat down by the fire.
Give him a break!
Charlie forgot to buy what Susie asked him to buy.
One should not say bad words.
I need your help to get out of here.
I see you got yourself a new bicycle.
James put the gun to his own head and pulled the trigger.
James has nowhere left to go.
Emma is going to have to do it all by herself.
I almost never sleep past 6:30 in the morning.
I don't think that we should do that again.
That guy over there looks like Oscar.
I don't think that Jami and Carmen were hungry.
I must get off at the next station.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
Anna said she knew Muhammad wouldn't win.
Maybe Alex will just leave us alone.
Let me see if Jacob is ready.
Without water, we can not survive.
I want to be a physician in the future.
I'd like to improve my English skills.
Alex is old enough to be your grandfather.
He was the only one not invited to the party.
Do you think George and Olivia are finished doing that?
He didn't like his mother.
That's your problem, not mine.
My office is on the fifth floor.
Charlie jumped into the pool from the roof.
Catherine looks like she's having a bad day.
They left their tickets at home.
Can you call a taxi for me?
This is my dream job.
He called her mobile.
A man without his language has lost his land.
She provided me with some food.
I was on my way over to Jami's right now.
You're a tool.
I don't think that you two should get married.
It's important we find him.
They walked slowly towards her.
By the way, do you think there's anything after death?
The secret was out.
He came down the hill on his bicycle.
Harry said that I didn't look like my brother.
May I introduce you to my wife?
Alice would tell us the truth, wouldn't she?
Who's that gentleman?
Jack has a doctor's appointment this afternoon.
I have a few friends to talk for a long time on the phone with.
Tell Harry when he should do that.
Oscar wanted Anna to learn French.
This is the first time I've driven a car.
Next year we have to clean the whole beach.
James will probably be the first one to be fired.
I knew that Jack wouldn't want me to do that.
Would you please answer the phone?
I'll give you to the count of three.
Weren't Jack and Catherine in Boston last week?
I will focus on the explanation of the festival.
Charlie knows that I'm here.
They are as strong as us.
They live near the beach.
James wasn't told anything.
They're locked in.
Has he come?
You have your work cut out for you.
I doubt James has the courage to do that.
Doing your best is better than doing nothing at all.
Jami and Valentina want to see us.
I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
They say they'll never do that again.
I don't have to do anything right now.
I help her.
I considered not going.
We're concerned about your health.
What difference does it make if people do that?
James said he figured that he could win.
I think Muhammad is incredible.
They said that they didn't know what to do.
Did Muhammad forget to pay?
Our restaurant doesn't get many customers on Monday.
Are those yours?
He's an artist.
Didn't Charlie agree to do that?
Emma took something from her pocket and gave it to Alex.
There is almost no water in this bottle.
Alex is through here.
Please take a look at this.
George tried to show Eva how to do it.
Alice is very absent-minded, isn't she?
It was marvelous.
What chocolate do you like to eat?
I did what I was supposed to do.
Some parts of this city are very ugly.
I'm not holding you back.
They believed he was honest.
Laur offered me a beer, but I told her I didn't want one.
Joe was finally captured.
I thought that you said that you enjoyed golf.
I wonder whether or not Jami has already told Monica not to do that.
I am tied to my desk and chair.
Listen to the teachers.
I can speak Chinese.
Please get in touch with me when you come to Tokyo.
We think of William as an honest man.
We'll be back by 2:30.
I knew Jack would be the winner.
The next time that I see Harry, I'm going to tell him that.
Alex helped me do that.
Jack asked me to give this to you.
I sweep the floor.
I would like to do more.
James and Margaret only did what they had to do.
Alex said that he thinks you're stupid.
Oliver agreed to let Mary teach French.
They found their new jobs interesting.
I've seen what happens when you don't follow the rules.
Did you really not know that Adam wouldn't want to do that?
Are you actually serious?
Alex said he wished that he hadn't let Emma kiss him.
I don't think Jami knows if Julia is sleepy or not.
Julia could do that in her sleep.
She takes good care of herself.
No one knows exactly where George is going to go.
Catherine said she wanted to help us do that.
Washington was the most famous man in America.
It won't be hard for us to do this.
I was very ashamed of what I had done.
I told everyone to be careful.
We can pitch our tent anywhere we want.
William decided that it would be fun to go camping with John and Lucy.
Please let me see your passport and boarding pass.
I don't know whether you like her or not.
So are you married to Sarah?
I can go wherever you like.
Do you really think Jack will let you do that?
From that day on, he'll never say hello to me again.
George and Julia are thin, aren't they?
William is more wise than clever.
I would've told you how to do it right.
That's a fine way to treat a friend.
You look like my sister.
You wouldn't survive.
I don't play guitar anymore.
He looks like he's ready.
Joe isn't likely to be up.
Who made that decision?
Charlie said he would have done that if he'd known Eva wanted him to.
You can't leave him behind.
Oscar and Mary pretended they didn't understand what John wanted them to do.
Unlike him, his son is tall.
Charlie and I both do that.
Muhammad always says everything is my fault.
William should just let Alice do that.
We may never win another game.
Don't look for us.
I'll drive you to the airport.
It took Oscar several hours to finish his homework.
I haven't seen him here before.
I thought George had a place to live.
Oliver is already drunk, isn't he?
Tommy thought that Eva was going to win.
I knew that James would like it if we did that.
I was called in for jury this morning, and I actually have to serve on a case.
Joe is the one who wanted to do that.
I wonder where to hang this picture that James gave me.
That's her home.
George will be in Australia next year.
Adam loves fly-fishing.
Do you really think Harry likes Carmen?
Jacob won't allow anybody to do that.
Charlie is a former student of mine.
He went to New York by airplane.
Muhammad was contacted by Monica.
Mary finally realized that Harry was never going to propose to her.
Oscar made Anna wait a long time.
I meet her once a week.
I'm sure of this.
I hope James remembers this.
I'll call you soon.
William can't stay here by himself.
"How do you have your coffee?" "White with two, thanks."
Mary may have gone fishing by herself.
I put boots on.
Dan decided to leave town.
We aren't willing to do that.
I caught him cheating in the examination.
I didn't know Jacob had asked Emma to help him.
What was he doing in your room?
Where there's harmony, there's order.
Alice wants me to lie for her.
I expect that Harry will eat before he comes.
We'll take care of ourselves.
George said that he thought that Carmen wasn't ready to do that.
Speed kills.
Where's my tea?
Yes, I have seen one many times.
He should've stayed where he was.
Oscar is a member of this club.
The cowboy counted all the cattle.
Adam didn't tell me why he was so angry.
Jami said that Carmen thought John might want to do that early tomorrow morning.
We're going out for a walk after lunch.
I have another option.
Oscar told me Lucy wasn't scared.
He doesn't speak English, and even less French.
Do you have any books written in French?
Jami called me at home.
James wants to do that today.
He wasn't as handsome as she told me.
I think they will drink elsewhere.
You're a fraud.
I know Charlie doesn't know why you need to do that by yourselves.
The boat goes down the river.
Has Oliver admitted defeat?
I think we should let Adam go to Boston by himself.
I didn't think that Jacob would swim by himself.
It was magic.
Jack said he'd lend me some money.
I wonder who he really is.
I didn't know that Joe was going to kiss me.
Tommy sent Lucy his picture.
They continued fighting.
Excuse me, could you pass me the sugar?
It was the best tea Adam had ever drunk.
He didn't deserve to lose his job.
I see a queen.
This drawing is less than great. He needs to do something with the line here at the back of the leg.
I hate violence.
I'm new around here.
Please tell Catherine not to do that by herself.
I thought you said Jack needed more time.
What do you associate with summer?
We can't help Alex.
He denied he said that.
But we've seen it before.
Your hair will grow back.
Was Charlie able to do that well?
I thought Jack and Olivia were in Australia.
I hope we'll see each other again soon.
"Will you help me, George?" "No, not again. Ask someone else!"
The police recovered the stolen jewels.
Oscar told Margaret he was planning to stay in Boston until October.
He has as many books as his father does.
Tommy told Margaret that she had to do that.
Can Adam actually speak French?
Try to stay a bit more alert to what goes on around you.
Adam walked out of the movie because he was too scared.
Why don't you start by telling us what you saw?
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed.
The world changes faster and faster.
Oscar can swim about as well as Mary.
My pencil fell from the edge of my table.
We went over all the details.
James said that he thought the economy was likely to get better.
What did the businessman say when he invented the zip-fastener?
I'm afraid that Alex might do that.
William opened the door slightly.
She did the very best she could.
Adam is going to take a walk in the park this afternoon.
I thought you needed money.
I plan to go home by myself.
It is better for the health to live in the country than in the city.
Try the cake.
I guess Anna changed her mind.
He threw the book in the fire.
We need to be very careful not to let anybody hear what we're saying.
You should ask Oscar directly.
I met her in London for the first time.
He did not like my book.
While they don't agree, they continue to be friends.
I'll do the same thing you do.
Nobody seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
William knew Mary didn't have to do that.
I wish I had more money.
Were you to know the fact you would be surprised.
I won't make the same mistake twice.
Muhammad went through the file.
All women are beautiful.
Oliver was extremely protective.
She told herself that she should go.
May God help you, as you have put yourself beyond the mercy of men.
Watch out! A car is coming!
Who did you buy this for?
She said she's frustrated.
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
They have many different dishes to try.
I know you need it.
Is this how you handle all of your problems?
What happened between the two of you?
I share an apartment with her.
Mary says she intended to do that.
It seems like she will win a prize.
Olivia is likely going to spend the rest of her life in jail.
I didn't stay with William in Australia.
I need to know more about her.
I don't think Jami has time to talk to you.
The picture reminds me of my school days.
That's funny stuff.
What do you suggest?
That's a lot of help.
I have weak sight.
I don't think that you'd like that.
I thought that you didn't like Adam.
That would be a highly dangerous option for both sides.
I'll buy Oscar a beer.
This is quite possibly the greatest album ever!
Eva said that she had to leave early.
You'll have to come back in a while: the man dealing with that business has just gone out.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do this, aren't you?
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
Maybe Tommy and I aren't supposed to do this.
Oliver brought Valentina to the hospital.
How much would you like?
I'm not sure which way I should turn.
I'm badly in need of your help.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
I thought that my parents would be proud of me.
Harry was the one who cooked dinner.
Valentina didn't tell anyone why she had gone to Boston.
I don't know about you, but I'm starving.
I wish you had called ahead.
Charlie didn't go to the hospital.
You have three choices.
They needed her.
What could they possibly want from us?
I hear that both Muhammad and Anna are planning to retire in October.
That man asked me who I was, but I didn't think it was necessary to answer that question.
It isn't as simple as you think to do that.
I don't like to do the same kinds of things that William likes to do.
I'm afraid Charlie's not going to recover.
I can't tell you.
Joe wanted me to speak French.
He took care of his sick mother.
Catherine told me she was planning to go to college in Boston.
I heard my name called in the dark.
There is a large house on the hill.
I knew Jacob was here somewhere.
I wonder if Jack really did what he was supposed to do.
Muhammad and Alice said they haven't decided what they'll do.
Does Muhammad know why you left early?
I shouldn't have left early.
I'm going to Australia soon.
I suspect Charlie will do whatever you ask him to do.
We're in favor of your plan.
He doesn't want to work in a factory.
She has said she needs to do that.
I'll be back around 2:30.
William did it on Monday.
Catherine put her pencil down.
Alex signed his name with the new pen that he got from Mary.
You're a right little rascal!
Let me carry that for you.
Would you mind if I look around?
I can't remember what I'm supposed to do.
Harry is watching, isn't he?
It was insane!
I don't understand you either.
Julia said she thought she might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Why don't you ask Jacob to go with you?
George told his children an amusing story.
She loves her and me.
She is very intelligent and passionate.
She had some trouble with him before.
I know you came to Australia in October.
Will you join me?
I suspect Adam probably won't want to do that.
I don't think James helped Olivia.
I find that suspicious.
I don't like it when Harry leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.
I couldn't turn down the job.
What color is your dress?
I guess I'll see you later.
My name is Jim.
Laurie's still at school.
Tommy was paying really close attention.
He's in his office at his desk.
Jami and Susie say they regret having been rude to you.
Oscar told Julia that he was going to go to Australia.
Charlie showed up at the party dressed as a pirate.
Look at the stars.
Harry gave me Mary's phone number.
Today I get off work at 2:30.
I don't have as much money as he does.
For the record, Jack didn't have anything to do with this.
Didn't I tell you Alex would blow it?
Mrs. Wood was a very good cook.
There's no way I can catch Alex.
I hope no one sees you like this.
I don't care how much money you make.
She said that it might be true.
I don't think that William enjoyed the concert.
I didn't know the gun was loaded.
I wish I'd gone to Australia with Adam.
Alex said that he and his friends were planning to go camping next weekend.
Muhammad seems nice enough.
Every person is a moon, and has a dark side that they never show.
I'm glad you were here.
Oliver probably doesn't know where Susie plans to spend her summer vacation.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
He wished he hadn't won.
That would be possible.
I'll do it for a cake.
I'm disappointed Harry isn't here.
That was why I was late.
George was just happy to have someone to talk to.
I worked for her.
I thought Alex found them.
How did you know I used to live in Boston?
Alex stopped the car and got out.
We are worried about you.
I wonder if keeping your head down and living safely is a survival instinct.
I'm having an awesome time.
Her boyfriend was really angry at her.
I'm afraid my opinion on the matter is different.
I know that name.
We can't let Joe win.
What is the difference between this and that?
I can play the guitar. Jack can, too.
Oscar usually eats lunch at twelve o'clock.
Jack can't have done that.
I had met him once before.
I hope you are more successful next time.
I don't own a black suit.
Tears filled Monica's eyes.
I really like them a lot.
I'm the only person who can probably help Harry do that.
She washed herself.
I want to have a proper house and garden.
I cared about her.
Don't knock on the door with your hand.
We need points.
There are limits, you see, to our friend's intelligence.
We should've warned Charlie of the danger.
Jami didn't mention his reason for being late.
I want to learn Irish.
I won't have time to do today.
Olivia said she's been to Boston.
Let me take a picture of you.
Charlie and Valentina say they don't think John really did that.
My father went nuts when he saw me hanging out with her.
You have quite a temper.
Jacob didn't plan to go to Boston.
I feel we're speaking a different language.
That's not happening till October 20th.
I can't speak French. I can't speak English either.
He was smiling as if nothing had happened to him.
I need a day off.
What does that mean, anyway?
I thought that Jacob could handle the job if I gave him a chance.
Neither of them was comfortable talking about the relationship.
I know my day will come.
I know Alex hasn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I hope you're lucky.
She ended off her speech with some jokes.
I wish I had been kind to her then.
He hates secrets.
Jami didn't use to like red wine, but now he drinks it almost every day.
What's not fair?
Do Jack and Julia wear wedding rings?
Oliver plans on leaving Boston next year.
Your guests are waiting.
I was just trying to cheer you up.
Why can't you watch where you're going?
Harry didn't want anyone to see him.
There's the bell.
Jack is looking very pleased with himself.
You knew Oliver, didn't you?
Laur thought that she would be late.
Adam said that he didn't know that Olivia couldn't swim very well.
The bank is three blocks away.
If there's time this week, shall we try once?
I know that you don't often do that in the morning.
Is there something special about the way Jami and Monica do that?
He ate Mr Wood's good country food, and drank a lot of milk.
James is helping me right now.
I slept at ten o'clock in the evening.
That's not altogether bad.
What's the secret?
I'd like to see that contract.
I brought you some candy.
I missed a lot of shots.
Harry asked me if I'd mind doing that for him.
Dancing isn't a crime.
I wasn't here yesterday.
Jami has already delivered the package to Carmen's house.
Whose coat is that?
Jack said that Valentina wasn't going to Australia.
Maybe your dreams will be realized today!
I'm the only one who survived.
Oscar and Mary won't visit Australia.
Turn at that corner there.
I run a tight ship.
Did Charlie tell you about his past?
I'm not an expert either.
I thought I was about to be captured so I ran as fast as I could.
The kitchen sink was full of dirty dishes.
Joe said that he was going to do that the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
Oscar remained in Australia until 2013.
Oscar thinks that anything's possible.
I thought Jack had seen me.
It could have been you.
James thought Julia knew who his father was.
Who told you to do that?
Joe plays the guitar almost as well as Lucy does.
I'd never go back to eating meat.
We need to protect Oliver.
I think that it's absolutely essential.
Few people know anything about the plan.
Harry and his wife both enjoy playing chess.
He gets a haircut once a month.
Muhammad gave Catherine a passionate kiss.
Please help yourself to some more cake.
Please give me a chance to explain.
Instead of going back to the party, why don't we go to my place?
Harry is going to be arrested if he does that again.
It'll probably be tough for Harry to do that.
What you said is true.
Please come to talk to me.
They say they've never cried.
We should've stayed home with Tommy.
You're a mean person.
If you don't think the party is going to be any fun, why are you planning to go to it?
What's in Boston?
William and I are always busy.
Jami and Anna let me know that they planned on doing that.
That's a really shallow thing to say.
He still lives with his parents.
Who's your favorite super hero?
If he hadn't wasted time, he'd be finished by now.
How bad will it get?
I don't like suck-ups.
James said he doesn't care at all.
Carmen sat down next to someone she didn't know.
Jack needs to talk to Catherine.
They tell me you're OK.
Harry was put in jail.
This substance is in solid state.
William decided to give online dating a try and it changed his life!
Let me have a word with Muhammad.
You can't let George get away with that.
It came to nothing.
She is now better off than when she was young.
Jacob got Carmen to scratch the part of his back he couldn't reach.
I'll show that to them.
Something must be done immediately to deal with this problem.
None of us plan on staying here much longer.
He took me by the collar.
Jami is leaving tomorrow, isn't he?
I am on good terms with my brother.
Can you describe the object?
I know that I can't change Tommy's mind.
Too much exercise does more harm than good.
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.
Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
I told William about the party.
I thought that Muhammad might know Monica.
These are the facts. Think hard about them!
Does Oscar drink wine?
I want to speak with them.
Joe gave the sheet of paper to Susie.
State your full name for the record.
Jami doesn't know how to drive.
Are you washing the car?
She got the children ready for a walk.
Have you ever breast-fed a baby?
Dan began to search the house.
I learned how to do that last summer.
Wake up at seven, please.
Oscar is shopping at the mall.
You should have gone to James's concert.
Jami doesn't do that the way he used to.
Let go of them.
It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.
I'm going to go change my clothes.
Everyone thought Harry was from Australia.
I didn't think Jack would lie to you.
Give me back my hat.
Alex hates your guts.
The baseball match will come off next week.
I don't know whether you are telling the truth or not.
Let's not do that here.
Harry announced he was planning to do that.
George and Carmen say they don't think they could do that without our help.
I saw her play the piano.
I went to see the ballet.
James wanted to know who was going to help Anna.
Oscar and Margaret say that they're good at French.
Let's talk about safety.
Adam said he still feels pain in his legs.
We have to stay here whether we want to or not.
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by car?
I suggest we wait for one more hour.
I think I know what to do.
The girl was badly injured in the traffic accident.
We'll be leaving in a few minutes.
You can't fill your stomach with the food left on your beard.
I said I'll do that for you.
I live in the Boston area.
Why did George stop?
I don't think that's anybody I know.
Her hands are never still.
Seen from a distance, he looks much younger than he really is.
Jack began coughing.
You are so beautiful, you do not need to use makeup.
Who did George and Alice plan to give that to?
They named the child after the grandfather.
We must go to school.
I hardly ever talk to anyone at work.
Don't you think you'll move back to Boston, eventually?
Muhammad took an apple from the fruit bowl.
I didn't do that quickly enough.
I told George I was going to handle it.
I know Muhammad didn't know that I could do that.
When were you in London?
He was fired from his job.
I'd do it myself, but I'm a little busy right now.
Charlie isn't going to be very happy about that.
Put a pan of water on the stove.
Do you think that aliens exist?
They didn't ask that.
Muhammad and Carmen said that they were lonely.
I don't use paper towels.
Can we have a word outside?
I don't think you can gain his ear.
I can't stand people like you.
We had a chance.
I can't go until he comes.
Oliver isn't the only one I know in Boston.
I would have never done that.
There are a few hotels on Park Street.
I don't think that Jacob knows what he's talking about.
Alex has found an easy way to make money.
I told Jacob I wasn't interested in discussing my problems with him.
Have you ever jumped from a bridge into the sea?
I'm in a hurry for school and I can't talk with anybody right now.
They said they never felt tired.
Greece has many islands.
I didn't believe that either.
It's important that James hears this.
What would Jami and Catherine do?
We're all dying.
Oliver stood up and looked about.
He lost his hearing.
He threw himself into reading.
I think there's a good chance that that'll happen.
William says he hopes that Mary does that.
Valentina knew that she wasn't likely to be arrested.
I thought Adam would make breakfast.
Harry hasn't told us what he needs to do yet.
I don't think that we have to do this now.
You make me laugh a lot.
When it comes to physics, no one comes close to him.
Jacob has been treating you fairly, hasn't he?
But the answers were all wrong.
Alex said he didn't think that he had to do that today.
They worked until they dropped.
I doubt very seriously that Charlie will be fair.
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.
Everyone but Julia has already gone home.
I don't want to play this game.
I will stop him from going.
I was able to finish the work earlier than I had expected.
I know James isn't a violin teacher. He can't even play the violin.
Why I didn't think of that?
Jami can't find his watch.
Jacob said that he thought Lucy didn't like John very much.
I don't want to talk to him.
Tommy and Olivia said they've been to Boston.
I figured Jacob would panic.
Jacob has to study hard and catch up with the other students in his class.
Tommy didn't say where Carmen was.
Mary can still take care of herself.
Let us handle this.
Muhammad has already been told that he doesn't need to do that.
Are these dogs yours?
George was very sure Lucy could do that.
This is why I was afraid to tell you.
Why did George think it was a good idea to do that?
You won't need those.
We've got to get Charlie to bed.
I don't think Muhammad is weak.
I'd also like the same, please.
There's a very good chance it was James who did that.
Do you still do that as many times a month as you used to?
I wonder what it feels like to be rich.
We beat about for a solution to the problem.
They're here for me.
I was born here in Australia.
I wonder if William and Olivia like doing that.
How old were you when this town had the big fire?
I was watching Joe.
Alex said he'll do that for us if we ask him to.
Wasn't George the first person we called?
Alex didn't mention that he'd met Olivia.
Charlie and Alice promised they'd do that for us.
She's pretty busy herself.
It would be very silly to do that.
Eva got to where she couldn't do that anymore.
Alice is particular about what she watches on TV.
Alex and Alice said they were delighted to do that.
James and Julia are on the balcony.
Mother bought me a new bicycle.
It worked at first.
Has he pressed the blue button?
We are men.
You've got to get out of Boston.
Do you really have everything you need?
He wants a watch just like yours.
We're running out of money.
Harry and Catherine said that they might agree to do that.
He is old and ugly.
This is apparently a good sentence.
Olivia said she wasn't so sure.
Joe is stronger than you, isn't he?
You kill me!
Carmen said she needed a favor.
Tomorrow's Sunday.
You'll be terrific.
Susie is doing her best to stay calm.
If it had not been for his error, we would have won.
Put him on. It's my son.
Aren't you the one who ate my sandwich?
Muhammad knows you can't take care of yourself.
We must deal with the problem instantly.
Joe is the only person who didn't do that.
The owl is slow on foot.
Where's the entrance?
For once in your life, do what I ask.
Charlie says he'll come tomorrow.
I don't think Muhammad knows how much time it'll take to do that.
George offered a different perspective.
Muhammad and I are both single.
I don't think that we need to do that.
Laur posted the picture on her wall.
I just need more time with Tommy.
I think I need to see a doctor.
Keep to these instructions carefully.
The woman who answered the phone spoke French.
She had a copy made of her car key.
You must be blind.
You've already destroyed my career and my reputation. What else do you want?
Please help me in the kitchen.
Who let the dog in?
They put their shoes on the shoe rack.
I would like to exchange money.
George doesn't care about anything.
What part of "Be patient" don't you understand?
I slept for ten hours, nevertheless I'm still tired.
Joe was walking his dog yesterday morning when I saw him.
"I hate you." "I hate you, too."
I hope you have a good lawyer.
William and Anna are very devoted parents.
Would you introduce yourself?
We'll begin the party when Jack and Valentina get here.
I'm waiting.
Lunch was great.
You must work hard if you are to succeed.
Jami could get up to three years in prison.
Bad news travels fast.
What's written in the book?
They hoped that they wouldn't be too late.
This mountain is covered in snow all-year-round.
I thought William and Laur were going to cry.
I was getting a little bored.
I didn't really need to wait for Jack, but I did.
I didn't have the courage to tell her the fact.
They believe in God.
Oliver's family is in Boston.
I don't think that there's any way out of here.
Hi, Susan. How are you?
James took off his sweater.
Jami is still determined to do that.
She tried to express juice from the orange.
We were disappointed with the results of the experiment.
We prayed for Adam.
Don't do it.
Jacob borrowed money to go to college.
Do you know if Alex can come with us tomorrow?
Joe is thirty years old now.
I think it's unlikely Jacob will ask Olivia to do that.
We should inform them about that.
There's apparently no cure for that disease.
Don't forget to reply to her letter.
The piece of cake Alex gave me was so big that I couldn't eat it all.
I'm hope someone will help me do that.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
Harry asked me to do that quietly.
Harry and I know each other well.
What do you find so interesting about Japan?
Why are you so exhausted?
Someone should look into this.
Charlie didn't let Mary speak French.
Alice walked by and helped Tommy.
Have you decided who you're going to invite?
I don't think that I've ever been here before.
James is not easily satisfied.
I don't know when Harry can do that.
He helped me to get changed.
Who doesn't know this problem?!
I can't get rid of a nasty cold.
I don't want Carmen to find out.
I can't make excuses for you.
Adam discovered that Alice was in trouble and went to help her.
It's because of you that I quit the team.
I'd like to give you a piece of advice.
What did you think of Adam?
That's the next problem we need to solve.
I think Tommy was supposed to be here.
Come here before seven o'clock.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
I am sure it must have slipped your memory.
Jacob took Margaret's suitcase up to her room.
You should eat breakfast every day.
I hope Adam and Margaret don't get embarrassed easily.
James has lived in Australia since then.
There's pay phone in the hall outside George's office.
Jacob can't swim yet.
I had to give Muhammad a little money.
Our son was killed in action.
You can do it, let's go, I'm with you
He told me he was busy.
I don't need a reason.
Tommy said that he wanted to try to do that again.
I told Tommy that I could speak French even though I really couldn't.
Jacob showed us a photo of his mother.
Where would you like to go, sir?
How can you just give up?
We need about five men to lift these heavy cases.
She became a teacher at the age of twenty.
I know what Joe said.
" Wait, isn't this the place we were at a moment ago? " " That's right. We came back. That's strange."
Muhammad isn't likely to be as busy as you think he is.
Relax completely.
There's too many of them!
That sweater looks good on you.
He'll probably do that by himself.
It's taking longer than I thought it would.
Are you sure you're warm enough?
I don't think that I had to do that.
Joe may not be sleepy.
I tell people all the time they should do that.
The ruins are worth visiting.
I'd like to ask a few more questions.
I didn't tell Tommy why I didn't want to do that.
She hasn't yet admitted she did that.
Jacob was in a hurry to get home.
We opposed the plan to build a new road.
I can't believe you aren't planning to do that.
Let me get it.
Stop that thief!
What happened to the rest of the food?
You look very tense.
Use your strength.
She sings out of tune.
We washed the dog.
I know George doesn't know why we need to do that by ourselves.
I'm going to explain all this in more detail later.
I love him, but he lives in another country.
George told Olivia that he thought John was awake.
Please let me know that you're OK.
Jacob says he didn't have a lawyer.
If you want to ask a question, please put your hand up.
We are not on the telephone yet.
They're playing football.
Have you already eaten something?
I hope you're proud of yourself.
Adam knows why Alice is in Australia.
He has gone blind in both eyes.
Adam was worried that someone would discover details about his past.
We hope that you don't ever do that again.
Alex looked pale.
I never want to talk to you again.
Alex and I have a farm not too far from Boston.
They'll do what we tell them to do.
James and I were laughing at you.
I know that you don't know William.
I don't think that Alex will do that today.
It doesn't matter to us if you take a photo from the outside.
Those who don't want to see are very blind.
We're going back home.
Joe took a magazine out of his briefcase and began reading it.
I think that Joe will refuse to do that.
Alex's grades are excellent.
Oscar wasn't a bit tired.
What are you going to do with this money?
Harry served the guests finger food.
Jami said that he didn't know how Carmen did that.
Melanie is eating an apple.
He put the idea into my head.
That could take days.
I'm going to be very late.
George and Eva left through different doors.
Can I call you back?
We had strict rules.
Tommy says he doesn't know who Susie is planning on staying with.
I forgot I have a bad short-term memory.
No one knows where Oliver and Catherine have gone.
Why won't anybody help Alex?
Beef stew should be nice and thick.
You need to stop playing.
Try to be as quiet as possible.
William got Alice to accept his help.
Does she work in this city?
Do you think Jacob might be interested in doing that?
I know Muhammad is a good surgeon, but I'd rather have a surgeon who isn't a close friend.
The disease is still in the primary stage.
Harry and Carmen say that they'll do that on Monday.
I'm not worried about getting fired.
It only took us three hours to get to Boston.
William and Laur can use my computer if they want.
I don't know how Charlie is going to keep his dog from doing that.
Jami was the first person to volunteer to help us do that.
She loves him now more than she did before.
I'm not drunk. I'm as sober as a judge.
I help my mother to cook the food.
I don't think it's very likely that William will want to do that.
Jack didn't know he was being followed.
Jack stuffed a handful of popcorn into his mouth.
It would've been expensive to do that.
Try it.
He forgot to turn off the light.
We've been asked to not do this anymore.
I am ready to die.
Jack was sick in bed for about three months.
Do you realize you could've been killed?
We'll swim tomorrow.
Oliver thought that he was smarter than Susie.
Oliver can't be saved.
Put the book back on the shelf.
Dan continued to steal money from the cash register.
Oscar and Anna may go wherever they want to.
Why don't Adam and Catherine want to go to Boston?
Jami has been studying hard, hasn't he?
They just want to sell papers.
I haven't eaten anything in the past three days.
William is a major in the army.
It seems like William is having a hard time doing that.
How do James and Anna intend to help?
I loved that car.
I kiss my rival, but it is to choke him.
I'll get her right away.
How could I have missed all the clues?
They acted immediately by agreement.
Let's leave when you are ready.
This is the last train, sir.
Where were you in 2013?
She is a shining example of absolutely nothing.
I've had a wonderful time here.
Don't throw rocks into the river.
Margaret wants to buy a car, but she can't afford to.
Oliver accused Catherine of being pig-headed.
He arrived with me.
I was told that you might be able to help me.
I don't think that this movie is interesting.
I often read books.
Joe wants to speak to you.
We should've stopped while we had the chance.
I'm getting a lot better at French.
Tommy said he wanted to visit Emma in the hospital.
I don't know whether I should believe Adam or not.
I regard him as an enemy.
I think we have a chance of winning.
The goal of the practice of medicine is health.
Alex thought Lucy wouldn't see him.
Monica said she didn't help Jami do that.
Oliver isn't home. He's at school.
How much time will it take to do that?
We're being set up.
Could you please tell me how to get to the airport?
How did you know I wanted one of these?
Carmen said she would come to the party.
Your name is on the envelope.
They told me they were unhappy.
James and Valentina have enough money to buy everything they want.
Jack said that he definitely won't be there.
What makes one sad about love, it is not so much to not be loved when you love, but to still be loved when you do not love anymore.
They're not hungry.
Reading is my passion.
That can't be them.
Jami went to Japan to study Japanese.
If it were to rain, he would not go.
Why did you pick that song to sing at Charlie and Laur's wedding?
Harry knows that he can win.
They got excited when they heard that.
I admitted that I wasn't actually the one who did that.
I made a joke about Jacob's accent.
Alex and Anna say that they want to swim.
I didn't give Valentina what she needed.
Students often pursue their teacher with questions.
She said goodbye.
Jacob put his head down on the table.
Tell me who's bothering you.
Adam and Laur said they probably won't do that.
Loud music bothers me.
I forgot to bring the map.
You can count on her.
You have to study English step by step.
Excuse the mess.
The soldier said that death is not to be feared.
You wouldn't want James to do that, would you?
Julia just lost her job.
This novel is interesting enough.
We haven't actually tested that.
I didn't say Oscar was smart.
You knew Oliver didn't plan to do that, didn't you?
I'm a singer.
I don't enjoy doing that as much as I used to.
The only thing that matters to Muhammad is how much money he makes.
You may have to do that.
I feel like I can't do enough.
You must be busy.
Listen and repeat each sentence.
Tell me what you told him.
She said she wasn't feeling well.
Joe saw Eva, but didn't say anything to her.
Please tell me about your problems.
Please enjoy your stay at this hotel.
I wasn't thirsty.
You should tell George that he has to be more careful the next time he does that.
Dan received a note from Linda asking him to meet her outside.
Everybody got something.
Muhammad can't find his bag.
Carmen said that she wasn't having any fun.
Joe has always been one of the best players on our team.
Alex's father isn't as old as Mary's father.
If I were a flower, I'd be a rose.
Harry is married to a doctor.
We need to follow him.
It's only a matter of time.
Perhaps you've made a mistake.
Are we doing this?
I wonder if Oscar knows where my umbrella is.
He called him.
I spent a lot of time in Australia.
I think both of them are right.
That's your pride talking.
Let's get the show on the road.
How much do the transmission rights come to?
Alice is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
I'm afraid that'll happen.
Jack was screaming and yelling.
Jack and Julia said they thought John was the best singer in their class.
Catherine loves her work.
James was laid off.
I didn't think that it would take so long time to do that.
I thought that I heard a thud.
Jami has decided to become a teacher.
Which one is mine?
Laur never seems to have any money on her.
I know that William hadn't yet done that.
Charlie has to let me do this.
She told me she was done.
Mary cut the rope with her knife.
This game is easy.
The history course is interesting.
How many hours does it take to fly to Boston?
Eva invited Oscar and his sister to her party.
I'm remembering when we were kids.
The apples look good.
James and Julia say that they saw something strange.
Oscar had difficulty convincing Lucy to help him.
He comes round once a week.
You're just wasting our time.
Why don't we go dancing?
The green color becomes Alice.
I am very afraid to go.
Jami told me that I need to be at today's meeting.
You may have a slight fever.
Oscar says he doesn't think Monica really needs to do that.
My house is far away.
I'm afraid that I have internal bleeding.
Joe wasn't the one who told Margaret where John lived.
I met up with her on the street.
Alex and Eva said that they had a lot of fun.
Jami wishes that were true.
Every time I listen to this song, I cry.
I thought that you said you were going to buy me a drink.
The road goes north from here.
I've spoken to Adam and he's OK.
Charlie and Monica are good baseball players.
He could not make head or tail of it.
Tommy can't go to Australia with me.
That artist's very popular.
She likes to play with her dogs.
I thought that you were older than me.
Julia said she had to wait for Muhammad.
You should listen to your teacher.
Jacob would never hurt me.
She wouldn't let us help her.
You'll find a solution, I'm sure.
Didn't you know Tommy was still a high school student?
Jacob gave Lucy a high five.
I just want to find Joe.
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?
You'd better call Adam.
Am I the only one who thinks this is strange?
Do you really think George and Mary are rich?
My throat feels dry.
I don't like fried fish.
You used to be so cool.
This isn't just about Joe.
She got to the hotel late at night.
William and Susie were walking too fast for me keep up with them.
Julia said she wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music.
"Did you kiss him?" "Yes, I kissed him."
I wonder why Oliver and Eva need to be finished doing that by 2:30.
He got me wrong.
George didn't blame anybody but himself.
Hey, that's not our problem.
Do you really think you can do this?
His ambition is to be first.
Charlie and Eva are just leaving.
After a while, he came.
I wish somebody had told me earlier.
You're not like anybody else I know.
I'm the only student in our class who can speak French.
My mom married my dad in the 90s.
How do you know how deep the lake is?
Here is my album.
Even though Joe didn't want to go to the party, he went because he thought he'd see Eva there.
You won't be needing that where you're going.
How did you do?
I fooled everybody.
Dan served only 15 years of his sentence and is now free, living in London with his daughter, Linda.
Jack suggested to Susie that she apologize to John.
I know I probably don't say it often enough, but I love you.
Is there something in your room you don't want me to see?
My father, who is now working in the United States, wrote us a letter last week.
I know that Jacob doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that.
I thought a lot about what you said.
Alex can't be all that young.
We aren't on the list.
It would be better to agree to the terms.
Does it have a pulse?
I don't think things will change anytime soon.
This is a really good hospital.
I know that James has done that before.
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.
Emma has just lost her job.
She could change her mind.
He was sitting on his mother's lap.
Don't you never do that again!
Jami stopped walking.
Could you please tell me how much this costs?
In the war, many people died young.
James works at a local restaurant.
People don't visit Boston as often as they used to.
I haven't called them back.
I stayed with a friend of mine.
Dude, seriously.
I am not convinced that this is the case.
Such an accurate, lightning-quick reply. What can I say?
Sit down with me.
Joe knows that I'm not going win.
Did you like the movie that you went to yesterday?
This is a dangerous place to be.
Oscar turned down the radio.
She was truly satisfied.
I shall be delighted to see you again.
I want to go abroad, for instance, to Italy and Spain.
Tommy told me he cried.
I suppose I'd better go.
Adam claims that he saw the accident.
Where's the ice?
I'm the one who said we should take a break.
I don't think Jacob will have to do that by himself.
I wish to God I had done as Alex suggested.
I appreciate this.
I have socks, but I have no shoes.
What were you and Joe fighting about?
Julia refused to admit that she'd made a mistake.
"Has anybody done that?" "No, not yet."
Are you going home anytime soon?
Reality can be beaten with enough imagination.
Oscar knew that Margaret thought John and Alice were going to get married.
What you say now isn't consistent with what you said before.
It is not appropriate for you to do this.
You're being ridiculous.
Can Jack do that for us?
She will be there by now.
I understand what's said and written, but it's hard for me to speak.
Please tell Monica that she's required to do that.
Why did you choose this spot to build your house?
I saw George out of the corner of my eye.
We're staying at another hotel.
Everyone needs to stay focused.
I wish I hadn't let Joe do that.
What's the date?
Tell Jacob he can't go.
We threw her out.
I don't think Adam will be busy tomorrow.
I don't think Oscar was expecting you to do that.
Guests began arriving a little after 2:30.
I don't like that kind of cake.
She cried when I told her.
I can't find a pair of shoes that fit.
William left the building.
George and I wanted to be together all the time when we were younger.
Anna injured herself this morning.
I met her only once.
The battle lasted a week.
I'm 27.
I published my little book in 2001.
They don't want him back.
I leave for Paris tomorrow.
I wonder why I shouldn't do that.
It might not just be a coincidence.
Silk is soft and smooth.
Harry ate the stew straight from the pot.
Everybody except Oliver knew that he didn't have to go to Australia.
Have you ever been in Brazil?
I don't believe we've officially met.
Oliver lost money at the casino, but he told his friends he'd won.
I didn't know how bad it was.
You do know that you shouldn't be doing that here, don't you?
I'm the one who convinced George to do that.
Let's move on to the next order of business.
I think that James would be able to convince Anna to stop doing that.
You haven't seen my keys, have you?
Oliver said he wished that Alice would win.
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.
Don't let such a good opportunity go by.
The weekend went by too fast.
They always carry books with them.
Muhammad doesn't seem to be as popular as Anna seems to be.
I walked here.
Please make sure Muhammad knows what he's supposed to do.
Jacob can't deny it anymore.
James is going to change the rules.
Men are pigs.
How many kids does she have?
Muhammad will be going back to Australia soon.
Lucy had her hair cut yesterday.
You've already given me enough money.
I don't want someone else. I want you.
Is there a clock in one of the rooms?
He made up his mind to buy the car.
Say "hi" to Oliver for me.
How safe is this part of the city?
They said that they weren't single.
William really wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I haven't eaten breakfast today.
William told me that the medicine he was taking didn't seem to help.
Both Jack and I can drive.
Jack forgot to ask Laur what he had planned to ask her.
I think Jacob and Valentina do that well.
I can see how beautiful Melanie is.
I doubt that Jami really likes doing that very much.
Let's chuck it.
Tommy told me that he'd decided to do that.
Do Alex and Mary have any medical problems?
He broke his new toy.
Alex says he's done that.
I'll stop smoking from tomorrow.
George died in bed.
There are a lot of idiots here tonight.
Catherine died giving birth to her second son.
Oliver was the manager before me.
I might go shopping tomorrow, but I'm not sure yet.
She didn't even say thanks.
Jack said that the team needed a new captain.
They claimed that they've done that.
Money has to serve, not to rule.
Muhammad doesn't think he can stop Alice from doing that.
Did you happen to be present when the accident happened?
George hasn't left Australia.
What kind of activities do you like to do in your free time?
I knew where Muhammad and Carmen were.
He realized he needed to do that.
Jacob said he thought Monica was difficult to get along with.
I have nothing to do now.
I thought that was what we were supposed to do.
It couldn't be this simple, could it?
I know that Jack doesn't know why I didn't want to do that.
Susie ended up taking the job that they offered her.
I thought you wanted to get married.
How did you feel when that happened?
Humans are greedy.
Is there something you wanted to tell me?
I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
Nothing was working.
Yes, I certainly agree.
You're too good for her.
Add up these figures.
You're asking the wrong person.
I did everything by myself.
George has been studying really hard.
I'll go to Boston even if Oliver doesn't go.
I'm sure that Alex will be delighted to see you.
How are you going to tell him?
We were all surprised that Alex didn't win the race.
He said he had a knife in his car.
Joe reached into the sack and pulled out some coins.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
Joe was wrong as usual.
Sometimes we don’t do things we want to do so that others won’t know we want to do them.
I know that William has never done that.
I'm no longer living in Boston.
You know this isn't the way we should be doing this.
I didn't think Jami would like it.
How does that help?
Let's make the world a better place.
I know that Jack isn't a professional basketball player anymore.
A button came off my coat.
I wouldn't hurt Jack.
You look like a policeman.
William and Laur aren't as cute as they used to be.
Oscar seems to like the same kind of music as Alice.
I don't think that Tommy would do this.
Monica isn't as healthy as she used to be.
Everybody was staring at her.
This is not a sentence.
I'll keep my fingers crossed that everything will go well for you today.
She took us all in with her smile.
He refused to answer my question.
Just go and get some rest.
Jack is a forensic expert.
Alex thinks some of his friends will do that.
What do you want to do Monday evening?
Charlie is going to be even better next time.
Adam and Anna wrote a song together.
They got scared and killed Jack.
Charlie knew what Mary was trying to do.
I tried to get some sleep.
Charlie said that it was Olivia who told him he should do that.
I thought that Oliver already knew.
I do serve you in this business.
I'm positive that James can do that.
We shouldn't tell them anything.
I'm pretty good at first aid.
He won the prize this day week.
Some days I have too many conversations with too many people. I can't remember who said what.
I'm shorter than him.
I think you should find out when Adam plans to leave.
Adam was so angry at Carmen he couldn't even look at her.
Joe says he intended to do that.
I tried to swim across the river.
Charlie is probably still the one responsible for getting that done.
I was surprised you won the prize.
He told me he's nervous.
Life is more and more expensive.
He's the man of the house.
Do you know what's really going on between Alex and Emma?
I wish I could give you something.
What country is Boston in?
I used to dream about being married to you.
Get on top of me.
I am afraid she is ill.
William was able to live a more or less normal life after the operation.
They communicate with each other by mail.
I'll tell Jack as soon as he comes.
Let me make sure I have this straight.
It's about 30 minutes from here on foot.
I'll take care of the matter personally.
My wife's father is my father-in-law.
Alex said that he thought that I was the only one who wanted to do that.
I saw him caught by the police.
We're a great big happy family.
Jami said that Lucy isn't sure whether John can do that.
Charlie wondered how many times Julia had been arrested.
Where did she get these?
Perhaps not.
Why don't you go home?
Jack called in sick today.
Julia gave Joe all her money.
Do you think that we'll find her house?
Laur said she hoped Adam would eat what she made.
I have met this girl before.
Charlie is wearing a cool-looking hat.
I'm going to ask Charlie to never do that again.
This is where my father works.
In a war of ideas it is people who get killed.
Harry decided to go back home.
That's a little hard to believe.
We're planning to stay for a few days.
You have some money, don't you?
I know Tommy will be prepared to do that.
It looks like I'm on my own.
I was tired today.
I took her order and went back to the kitchen.
You must face the facts.
My father says he failed in the entrance examination twice.
You should be through doing that by now.
I was very surprised when Oliver told me Catherine had left Australia.
She covered her face.
You should've visited Australia.
Oscar has started dating again.
Do you two know each other?
I think that Jami should talk to me.
You were almost killed.
That was so fun.
What is it, Catherine? What's wrong?
George wasn't the one who told me Catherine didn't need to do that.
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
I wonder if Charlie is still upset.
I hope they're going to be OK.
We had a long discussion as to what to do about it.
My license has been suspended.
I can't tell you how many times I've thought about all the good times we used to have together.
Joe doesn't carry much cash.
What's Jack accused me of doing now?
Oliver seemed to take a liking to her.
I was arrested last week.
They denied they laughed.
Is the seat high?
I don't really enjoy doing playing games on my phone.
How could this have happened?
James said that no one else was there.
I know that Alex is guilty.
Harry and Julia couldn't find anyone to give them a ride home.
William is too shy to talk to girls.
We sometimes meet in the park.
I know that Harry and Olivia are famous.
I guess I have nothing to lose.
Oliver was reported missing Monday.
I think Joe has the ability to solve his problems on his own.
Oliver told me he was planning to study abroad.
I made Adam and Anna go there by themselves.
Did Muhammad say anything about where he had been?
Monica didn't have anything in her bag.
I knew that William was a very good chess player.
They all turned and looked at Muhammad.
The pilot lost control and the plane went into a dive.
I bought many books today so I put them in order.
Will William be able to do that for us?
Will Harry be willing to do that?
She arrived on time. I arrived in time.
I really want to die already.
The collection of taxes is well organized.
Jami is your buddy.
Monica definitely knows her stuff.
He took off his watch.
He's the group leader.
Don't make me regret telling you who I really am.
I want to see my friends in Canada.
Please show me the list.
I didn't bring that matter up at the meeting.
Every mistake made me stronger.
He met many fascinating people in the course of his travels.
We can only abuse of things that are good.
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
Tommy and Anna promised John that they'd eat whatever he cooked.
You filthy beast, get out of here!
Jacob is a very friendly guy.
That is not exactly the way that it happened.
Joe and Alice found several T-shirts they liked.
My friend wants milk.
I can't find my ticket. I must've lost it.
Jacob sent me a thank you note.
I proved the fact on the strength of the data.
He has an interesting book.
It makes you look younger.
This is too bright.
Does anyone on your staff speak French?
James wasn't surprised Anna was afraid.
I suspect Oliver did it on purpose.
It was to a great extent his own fault.
Just act like nothing happened.
I thought that George should get more exercise.
She was dressed all in white for the wedding.
Oliver found them.
We don't need money.
She has yet to answer any of the questions.
I gave an answer that was way out in left field when the teacher caught me off-guard and called on me.
She knew what she was getting into.
Charlie was a junior high school student when I first met him.
They expected to win.
I wonder how much we'll have to pay.
Things are bad.
What kind of pizza do you like best?
Muhammad arrived home to find that Margaret had packed her things and left.
I should've known it was a waste of time.
She looks blue for some reason.
Good job, Captain Obvious.
Alex is a pretty smart guy.
Oliver told Monica that she should quit pretending to be upset.
Since this morning I've read three books.
I counted the days to see when it had happened.
Don't forget to tell Harry what time the meeting's going to start.
Your friend is tired.
I haven't been out in ages.
I have never thought of that.
They hate this idea, don't they?
Adam opened the door and listened before he decided to walk in.
That isn't why I'm afraid of Jacob.
Muhammad probably can't speak French.
When I woke up, there were four inches of snow on the ground.
Is his short story any good?
Laur has gotten her confidence back.
Harry and Julia wanted to see the same movie.
I think Jami and Eva are sick of me.
Before long she will come back to the stage.
I couldn't let Muhammad know the truth.
Didn't you know Adam and Julia both like watching baseball on TV?
Do you really want to risk that?
Harry's parents left him very little money.
I seem to have dropped into a sort of council of war.
I’m sorry, I’m really bad with names — what was your’s again?
I don't think Harry would let me drive his new sports car.
It wasn't much of a fight.
I told you to keep your mouth shut.
I think that James would like to be the next one to do that.
They pay Jami a lot to do that.
A war exploded between the two countries.
He is not just interested, he's crazy about it.
Joe already knows that we want to talk to Julia.
You can wear anything you want.
The teacher has no authority with his students.
The politician was removed from office.
I didn't want to see her.
He said that he was feeling great.
Carmen told William that she used to live in Boston.
Our store isn't open on Thanksgiving.
I can't imagine myself ever being in the mood for that kind of thing.
John is better loved than his father.
It looks good on paper.
I got held up at the office.
Anything you say may be used against you in a court of law.
Why did Joe come to see you today?
I like putting machines together.
I thought that I told you not to call Joe at school.
I'm sorry things didn't work out between you two.
What's the most beautiful city in Germany?
Cast your vote for me!
Harry started an advertising agency.
How are you two getting along?
Come again next week.
How could Oliver say no?
I'm really, really excited.
I wonder whether we could do anything to help.
Choose books carefully.
He drew an apple.
You are responsible for the death of the child.
When will you get ready to leave?
What movie are you watching?
"You tell jokes like Muhammad." "What's that supposed to mean?" "They're just not funny."
We're expecting Tommy to help us.
I made the final decision.
Monica made Alex tell her everything.
Tell him I have some questions for her.
Everybody had changed so much that I could hardly tell one from another.
George has more than enough money to buy a car.
Carmen seemed surprised when I told her I wanted to do that.
Adam really made you happy, didn't he?
My mother has been dead these ten years.
Let's sit down in the shade of that tree.
I'm afraid that he has already gone out.
Charlie said he wanted to drink some milk.
Do you want our help or don't you?
Oliver and Monica are ready to move on.
Tommy says that Laur isn't good at doing that.
Joe may go to Australia next summer.
We assumed James and Julia were alone.
Jami and Anna don't like the houses that they live in.
William added up the numbers.
Do you think she's innocent?
Could you exchange it with another one?
She said she isn't happy.
I've been trying to find him.
We communicate with each other by telephone every day.
I wish we could live here.
Something bad happened to William.
Do you want sugar or milk?
She always had a smile on her face.
They're looking for you.
Valentina says she doesn't have enough time.
George is still skinny.
The couple named their first child Mark.
When did Oscar buy that coat?
To begin with, this is a lie.
What are you laughing at? It's a fact. No kidding!
Here, I'll help you out.
Monica doesn't know how to say what she wants to say in French.
James and Mary decided that they'd never try doing that again.
You seem to recognize me.
It was more difficult than I thought it would be.
Jacob's only got eyes for Alice.
Jami and Carmen are going to need more room.
I love my dad.
Do you want to get drunk?
May I get ready?
Muhammad said that he won't sing tonight.
Neither Jack nor Lucy has been studying French very long.
Lucy isn't going to help, is she?
I got three questions wrong on today's test.
It gave her quite a shock, and she didn't want to talk about anything for a while. I think it'll be a while before she's back to normal.
I absolutely agree with you.
I'm asking you to respect my decision.
Oliver and Laur aren't going to make it, are they?
Oliver and Monica said they don't smoke anymore.
I'm not entirely convinced that what Tommy said is true.
You can eat this.
I haven't had dinner yet.
I'm pretty sure that Tommy doesn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
Jami has just returned from Australia.
She covered her eyes.
Jami wants you to go to Australia with him.
Are you Russian?
Tommy promised Lucy a lot of jewelry, but he never gave her any.
He wrote me a letter.
The first time they met me, they already invited me to stay with them for Christmas.
Alex solved the mystery.
Tell him I'll be there by 2:30.
My new baby arrived!
Tommy said he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that today.
I wish I didn't have to do that this week.
You can easily find Muhammad's house.
I'm sure Harry won't be in Australia now.
Jacob is making more money this year than last year.
Alex is usually a lot nicer than Eva.
Jami and Margaret said that they wanted to move to Boston because that's where John lives.
I want to go round to see Adam.
Oscar told me that he thought it would snow all day.
My doctor told me that drinking a little wine every day would be good for me.
The last hope fled from her mind.
Sometimes love is forbidden.
You did that three days ago, didn't you?
I can tell you cared about her.
Now I'll take you by the hand.
I often go abroad.
There's nothing like a good cup of tea.
I am really curious, how do you two know each other?
I'm thinking that maybe I'll do that.
Jack is an outstanding player.
I'm educated.
I should have done it already.
His is a strange name.
James can speak both French and English.
If you don't go, I will not go either.
Did you tell the news to your friends?
She hanged herself last night.
Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for tonight's special guest!
Probably, the prime minister means 'politics based on religious values.'
In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.
Speech is silver, silence is golden.
Let us not struggle with destiny. Better that we let it take us by the hair and pull us to where it wants to raise us up or bring us down.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
And he said to him: Let me go, for it is break of day. He answered: I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.
Our existence is a miracle in itself.
I cannot lie on the grass. We are at the royal palace!
But they said: It is not so, my lord; but thy servants are come to buy food.
We are flying to Los Angeles tomorrow.
I gave the dog a bone, stopping its barking.
Given a high level of bond issues, the cost to service them will increase.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December.
This road leads to Hong Kong.
I'm your direct superior and you're my assistant.
Kelly's latest book appeared last week.
Troops inside the walls were well protected.
Huh? A mouse sits on my mouse.
Gods came down on earth to guide humanity to its end.
I love my tiger duck. He is quiet, but loyal.
I believe in Jesus Christ.
Why do we need an open source movement on the web?
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
I call my sweetheart darling.
I'm Paul, your room mate.
Michael Jackson and Prince changed the history of pop music.
The sergeant was the first who went mad, while the lieutenant simply hanged himself.
We're investigating a series of murders.
The leading brand of soda in most countries around the world is Coca-Cola.
Every time I practice shooting, I miss the target.
Please don't spill the beans to Elizabeth that I bought her a gold necklace for her birthday.
At my joke, the audience burst into laughter.
That nurse is a real angel to her patients.
You and David should totally learn that piece and play it at the talent show next year.
Some people say that the theory of evolution is "only" a theory but a scientific theory is something that has been proven to be true.
Charlie remains at large and a warrant has been issued for his arrest.
William is a serial killer who has murdered several persons.
The British commander ordered his men to rest for the night.
I like this flat. The location is good, and besides, rent is not very high.
Chris risks falling behind in the science class.
May God bless the Americans we lost this morning. May He comfort their families. May God continue to watch over this country that we love.
That fellow over there might be the one who was ruined by the company's president.
See that all the items are arranged in a row.
The Van Horn family was rich.
Inspector Dan Anderson found no fingerprints on the hammer.
Jeff wore the tie which Kim had given him for a birthday present.
He sent me his congratulations by wire.
Angels have two wings, the Cursed One has a tail.
Their marriage ceremony was performed according to the custom of the district.
Our town is facing a wave of student protest.
Sally met Harry at the station.
Harry betrayed his unit and joined rebels.
Alex confessed his sins to the priest.
Superman flies as fast as a rocket.
We can't let these greedy bastards take what is ours.
Oliver is a county sheriff.
Week 13: Learn about absolute, and relative, motion.
Soldiers are trained to use weapons.
Everyday I go to work by car but I'm wondering to rent an apartment close my job.
That tradition continues today.
Joe and Caroline got up at 6 a.m.
The first thing Andrew did was to find his brother Simon and tell him.
Daddy is writing Chinese characters.
Economic development is important for Africa.
After cleaning the windows, there always seems to be a visible trace of dirt.
The sun will become a red giant in about 5 billion years.
Establish regular prayers.
The economy recorded a negative growth.
Las Vegas is one of the fastest growing cities in the United States.
Mark hits on everything that moves.
When a new electronic device is released, everyone goes crazy.
The plane flew beyond our range of vision.
Oscar has a pet pig.
It's a bitter pill to swallow.
Steve told me the tale of his travels.
Those who commit rape must be punished.
Faith is believing what you know ain't true.
I saw the film in San Francisco last year.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
They started picking up stones.
The theatre usually opens at this time.
It is ten degrees below zero now.
George deserves the firing squad.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
What did Henry Ford sell?
We are celebrating our silver wedding anniversary this year.
Go suck a lemon.
Please send bug reports to the following email address.
She's my chief assistant.
My nephew ate bread with tomato sauce on it.
His ideas never earned him even one penny.
The Gloria Scott had been in the Chinese tea-trade.
Muhammad asked his girlfriend to pardon him for forgetting her birthday.
People might say I'm old-fashioned, but I think that one shouldn't have sexual relationships before marriage.
Mike, do planes usually shake like this?
I was most grateful to Nick for his kindness.
If "con" is the opposite of "pro", does it mean that Congress is the opposite of progress?
Maria thought that the fridge looked quite plain. So she stuck a few little hearts to it.
Now that my only colleague has retired, I'm flying solo.
It's still minor league but in the not so distant future they'll be coming to a place near you.
What he did really shows the right spirit!
He holds an extreme opinion in politics.
Joe was about to sit down when the siren sounded.
Each little princess had her own little plot of garden, where she could dig and plant just as she liked.
Carl, you're obsessed with money.
Jami and his friends form a tight crew.
He was promoted to section chief.
The Emperor shall be the symbol of the State.
Electronic news media is our primary source of information.
I am from the Republic of Poland, you are from the Federal Republic of Germany.
A robin sits on a tree branch.
Adam checked the oil level.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favour of it or not.
How much lawyers get paid is a simple matter of supply and demand.
Every rare thing is expensive, besides a cheap horse is rare, therefore a cheap horse is expensive.
The audience burst into applause.
Monica had a fit of laughter when she saw Charlie's ancient telephone.
Joey doesn't understand Shane.
Jessie gave orders that Alex was to be treated well.
I think Mark's under the illusion that he will be the new director.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
The terrorists said a nuclear device was set to go off sometime tomorrow in Boston.
Gear the engine to the front wheels.
Sometimes when he was alone, he walked along, saying to himself: "Ah! What strange effects I feel from that kiss which Chloe gave me!"
Brian is mad because Chris obviously doesn't intend to return the money.
Y'all danced.
"This is my little girl Diana," said Mrs. Barry.
The man murdered his wife and her lover.
Find something you can do that is not for yourself alone, and in that sharing your unique light will also come through.
Even though they look like twins, Carlos and Juan are only brothers.
Carol will visit Miami next month.
We are a part of a community of thousands of current and former members of This Group.
This block doesn't have a community pool.
Please, keep a stiff upper lip.
He bears the title of Sir.
That guy's name is Ben - if my memory serves me correctly.
There was shouting and confusion everywhere.
Americans are frank enough to say what they think.
Dan hit Matt and forced him to apologize to Linda.
The crown prince is the one who is to succeed to the throne.
You cannot chase a bullet.
This robot does whatever I say. That's a big help when I'm too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
Tim is William's twin brother.
The revolution, in itself, bore no fruit after all.
Lucy will definitely get married to the pop singer.
I would never use a previously used tissue again.
Anna is a capable nurse.
l know he's stubborn, ill-bred, and what's more, he's crazy.
Jacob is a Christian priest.
Was John Brown a terrorist or a freedom fighter?
They entered the inn and the three settled down at the table, but none of them had an appetite.
Uh.....yes, I think so.
It would be a pity if such a word were to disappear.
He's rolling in dough.
"Michael" is a man's name, but "Michelle" is a woman's name.
Timing would be critical.
Can't you hear all the car horns beeping behind us?
This material is ruined.
Jami is a border patrol agent.
The girl sings and dances and then laughs at me.
Who was Mona Lisa?
Alex asked Emma and her friends if they wanted to play strip poker, but they refused.
Whoever drinks is asleep; but he does not sin who sleeps.
You have to wait for the right time to pull the switch.
Circle the block.
Gotta catch 'em all.
He has a silver medal for his actions.
I'm sorry ma'am, is there a problem?
Ha hasn't confessed yet.
The trail is clearly marked.
The sand is burning hot.
We consider the German people, and all of our European allies, to be among our closest friends in the world—because we share so much experience and so many of the same values.
My screw gun is making weird noises.
Hmm...
My name is Robert Johnson.
We took a tour of the British Parliament.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen!
The possession of wisdom leads to true happiness.
You never think about the consequences of your actions or how they affect others.
Told ya so!
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy blow.
A travel agent arranged everything for our trip.
You're working hard, eh. But don't push yourself too hard.
I am Charlie.
In the middle of a pond on a tiny island is a charming little duck house.
Hong Kong International Airport is a busy airport.
Explosives went off with a bang.
In the sky appeared a ray of light.
I'm interested in creating my own web pages.
Listening is an art form in itself.
Joe Jackson didn't attend Senator John Smith's funeral.
Have you seen the Grand Canyon?
Such was the dreadful end of my beloved sister.
A guest for a while, sees for a mile.
Mama, is it okay if I go swimming?
Hail Emma, full of grace.
Our bodies are made of cells.
The blue sports car came to a screeching halt.
Good evening, Madam.
Darling, why don't you watch a little television while I slip into something more comfortable.
Once you break the seal, you can't return the tape.
Nobody sings as beautifully in the shower as Anna!
This chick is like a shrimp: I like everything about her but her head.
What kind of threat do terrorists really pose?
The kitchen of our neighbor is smaller than ours.
Cheers! Good health!
Aah! Hang on a minute!
Yo, dog...
Congratulations! You're a clown.
Kelly cut physical education and went home.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to her farewell party.
The family is the most basic unit of society.
People love the tradition of buying records and then playing them at home.
"Ah, a raw egg for me!" "Is one enough?" "Yep, if I need more I'll top it up."
Let's stop beating around the bush and cut to the chase.
Not material, but spiritual things determine our live.
Food is fuel for our bodies.
The drag show was spectacular.
If the fourth dimension is time, does that mean that pushing a spoiled apple in a certain direction in the fourth dimension will turn it into a fresh apple?
"'E' is not a Spanish word." "Yes, it is. You're mistaken."
I helped Mommy in the kitchen.
Her Majesty is waiting.
Tommy never said that he wanted to leave.
George is an expert pilot with thousands of hours of flying time.
Since when is Richard married?
He's connected with advertising in Los Angeles.
Billy's computer is new.
In my dream I dreamt that I was dreaming.
He had an interview with the Prime Minister.
Earth's surface is covered mostly by water.
Lee was taking a huge chance.
Daniel is the only child of Jacob.
If English was good enough for Jesus Christ, it's good enough for me.
You will want to be at the ceremony, there will be an unexpected slide show.
The best defense is a good offense.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
He is a merry fellow.
Papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed.
Don't start cheering yet.
There's no silver bullet.
Nothing beats having a beer after getting out of the tub.
What's wrong sweetie?
Roger traveled from town to town in the west.
He is wanting in courtesy.
Grandpa is not glad to be ninety-six.
Tommy gave Eva a diamond bracelet for their wedding anniversary.
Aw, how can you say that?
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.
It's a sin to use the Lord's name in vain.
Oscar tortured and murdered several victims before he was killed by the police.
She got off with a slap on the wrist.
Thy kingdom come!
Taking a round-trip is longer than a direct route.
Daniel came to his birthday party dressed as a clown.
Release the hostages.
Amy needs rest.
She was fully guaranteed her liberty.
Our compliments to the chef.
Envy is one of the seven deadly sins.
OK!! Bro!! I don't want to hear any more!
I respect the mister's point of view.
St Nicholas was standing in the garden.
Joe only screams when he's hungry.
This shows they have listened to the needs of their clients.
Return to your base for further instructions.
Alex borrowed thirty bucks from Alice.
Lions are magnificent creatures.
Her hobby was to collect ancient coins.
Out of Alice, Bob and Kevin, only one doesn't like cats.
I am driving the van into the yard.
You are hiding it from Eric as well, so that he won't get to know anything.
I got a B on my last French test.
Ugh!
I email my pen pal every Saturday.
If you pull too hard, the chain will break.
You have talent, no doubt; it's just a pity that you haven't learned more.
Is this an illegal toxic waste dump?
Jack's best friend is a mouse named Jerry.
I was wondering if you would go to the prom with me.
Everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it.
Catherine is a babe.
He calls me Pete.
He's kinda cute.
The plane we were aboard was flying over the Pacific toward Wake Island at a height of 3,000 meters.
Marco and Laura met each other in a day trip to the mountain.
Then he took her by the hand and led her into the palace.
I was looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
It is said that Anne will get married in June.
All right, I'm outta here.
Nope, not at all.
Dave has your money.
That was basically my question.
That man was wearing a tiger mask.
Jami murdered two police officers.
He was flaxen-haired and handsome, in a washed-out negative fashion, with frightened blue eyes, and a clean-shaven face, with a weak, sensitive mouth.
She is Alan's wife.
Stock prices were mixed on the Tokyo market today.
Hey, nah, I got it.
The British and American forces moved ahead.
Paul is one of the students who will participate in the chess tournament.
Adam was a plain, ordinary kid.
I'm a regular at this gym.
The magazine spread many important charges against the Senator.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to school together.
He's always burning the midnight oil.
No DNA evidence was found.
Your comments are disgusting.
There are only two things we should fight for. One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights.
Monkey bars are dangerous.
He didn't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet.
If by some chance Jason calls me, tell him I'm not here.
On the same day, Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface.
Is Jesus too sexy in the movie "Son of God"?
The computer industry is enjoying a boom.
David has just published a new book on philosophy.
For goodness' sake, don't say that!
Including me, there are thirty people working on this project.
He suffered multiple injuries after falling from the fourth floor.
Water is the principle of all things; all comes from water, and to water all returns.
She was born in 1946, on August 19, in California.
The series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man.
The mountain fairy is a beautiful creature.
The foundation of free nations is democracy.
A noble horse doesn't care about a barking dog.
It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice.
I got an F on my test.
I can't say I envy you for being a rat.
I'm very pleased to announce Tommy Jackson will be my running mate.
You screwed up.
The judges could see no clear winner in the match and decided to declare it a draw.
I don't want you knocking on my door at two in the morning.
Do not spit on the walls.
Arthur is playing the bad guy.
The coroner is performing an autopsy on William to find out why he died.
Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.
Do not freak out.
The man who rang an hour ago was Frank.
I'm a Leo.
According to one legend, it gets its name from a priest.
Dan arrived at the maximum security facility on January 2.
Joe tried to lure the guards away.
Adam has tunnel vision.
He watched the sailor drown right in front of his eyes and he couldn't do anything to save him.
He's a member of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds.
Dr. Clark, may I ask a favor of you?
"I was sure that you would trust me," she cried, with a great sigh of relief.
She called her bear Ted.
The monkey, trained properly, will be able to do a lot of tricks.
Batman is friends with Robin.
Luke's cat is missing.
Dean really eats quite a lot, don't you think?
William is groaning.
This is both a blessing and a curse.
I had the pleasure of learning that you recently became the manager of the production division.
Heh heh, not enough.
I hear that Americans spell it l-a-b-o-r.
Leaving your suspicious actions I've seen a mystery - are you trying to rob me of my sleep?
Tommy came to blows with a colleague at the office Christmas lunch.
Water cannot be separated by hitting it with a stick.
I know what it is, Fred! I know what it is!
When it clears up tomorrow it is good.
We must provide the victims with food and clothes.
Language opens worlds.
Modern ships only need a small crew.
Carter was re-nominated.
Sometimes, he appeared suddenly behind Emma, bare-headed.
Please don't play near the railroad tracks.
The audience were mostly young girls.
The most precious thing in life is moments.
You've been cleared of all charges.
Some dog owners wonder if they are feeding their dogs enough.
Jami is panting.
I was frozen to the bone.
Adam ate at the Golden Dragon.
They gave each other a fist bump.
The speech deeply affected the audience.
He thus revealed his glory.
However, his girlfriend is selfish and hardly worries about Brian.
He was appointed Japanese minister to Mexico.
We must separate politics from religion.
Swing your arm back and forth.
Water is more precious than oil here.
These diamonds come from South Africa.
Were I to make the truth known to Joe, he would not believe it and would flee even deeper into his fantasy world.
George Johnson is in really fine form.
That oxygen tank is sexy.
She was thrown behind bars.
James left the cemetery before Alice's funeral was over.
I believe as long as we allow conditions to exist that make for second-class citizens, we are making of ourselves less than first-class citizens.
The teacher told us to stop chattering.
My dog is named Julie. She first arrived at our home as a little puppy.
"These are but shadows of the things that have been," said the Ghost. "They have no consciousness of us."
Mr. Taylor wishes he hadn't come to the party.
For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass.
Do you think it'll freeze tonight?
We need to replace the whole unit.
My name's Amanda.
Americans admire Lincoln for his honesty.
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.
God bless Germans!
I usually sing this song in the key of G.
We all seek comfort.
Mr. Wilson is angry at Dennis.
It's a bad sign when a business is constantly in crisis management mode.
The police officers took the man who was yelling into custody.
Dan became the target of dangerous criminals.
I watched the film named "The Demon's Sacrifice" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
"Worry not, comrade, for I have a plan!" - "That worries me..."
History is written by the shadow government's public relations firm.
It's gorgeous out today.
Can't you separate fantasy and reality from each other?
First come, first serve, was the word, and the first hundred customers got a certificate; whoever came later was shit out of luck.
Mr. Jordan is the chairman.
This is the lover's lane.
The Virgin Carmen is Jesus' mother.
A belt keeps your pants from falling down.
They're buddies from my technical school.
Hitler and his allies had won battle after battle.
Oliver left no witnesses behind.
The mother of that child is an announcer.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
Look after the environment, look after fellow creatures, look after the earth.
I keep forgetting to cut my toe nails.
Is that your mummy?
Harry had to perform 100 hours of community service.
Despite the fact that he has only just started learning Chinese, he already knows lots of characters.
This bay is called New York Harbor.
Marie came to West Germany when she was five years old.
The Prime Minister has won his services as Minister for Justice.
Jean? Yes, I bumped into him yesterday in town.
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best mind.
Senator Oscar Jackson was put under house arrest.
Patrick cannot write properly.
We are entering a vicious circle.
The water levels in these rivers are different.
Dan, Linda, Matt, and Rita are my new friends.
Our stock of oil is running out.
His mental level is higher than the average boy's.
Is there a rocket launch today?
This camera can take a digital recording for you.
For some reason it didn't go well, shot down at every attempt, and he led a sad "History of no girlfriend = Age" life.
We have joint custody.
My name is Maria Sara.
The surrounding hills protected the town.
You chatter too much.
"Gee, it sure is–" "Enough." "I just–" "Enough!" "How a–" "ENOUGH!" "But father–" "Die."
Do you drink rum and Coke?
The United States was once part of the British Empire.
I just had a flash of genius! We need to round up a crew!
He had a Big Mac.
You can watch movies with English subtitles using this link.
Who made the actual arrest?
His actions damned him.
He tore up his letter into small bits and threw them out the window.
I canceled the newspaper delivery.
Adam was gasping for air.
Corn is a species of grass.
I heard them sobbing.
I'm begging you, before freaking out on me listen to the end of what I have to say.
The air was full of flying bullets.
The ceremony was very impressive.
The oil companies increased the price of gas again.
His father was a captain in the Royal Navy.
They're all chasing James.
It's about a quarter mile from here.
Jeff wore the tie Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Molly has a big clock.
In the attic is my grandfather's old first-aid kit from World War II.
Why is your first reaction to anything always negative?
What is the theme of his latest novel?
Sunlight and water are agents that make plants grow.
I had expected stronger resistance from the enemy but if anything there are less of them as we advance to the centre... Don't you think that's strange?
I haven't cleared their fields.
The duke holds a lot of land.
The man who held up the liquor store wore a mask.
You're a good kitty.
Alex won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.
"My lady is in her chamber," said the servant.
"What are you thinking about?" "Nothin'..."
Israel controls the West Bank.
He succeeded in waking Harry up.
Classes begin next Tuesday.
Seriously though, episode 21 made me laugh so hard I almost cried.
Betty murdered him.
Jami and Lucy were standing just outside the door, whispering to each other.
The story of Muhammad and Laur's relationships is full of dramatic events.
Since when did you become so high and mighty?
They call him Bruce.
His theory is based on careful research.
Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.
Let's just say when that massive fire log hit my foot I know there was damage.
I just saw Jacob entering the principal's office.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go on a date with him.
I took you for Roy when I first saw you.
Aaron killed Elizabeth.
Dogs pee when they want.
When you assault them, they become victims, which is exactly what they want.
A red and white flag was flying in the wind.
Tony started dating Angela five months ago.
The journalist was kidnapped by terrorists.
"The Invisible Guest" is called "The Invisible Guest" in English.
You have dealt well with Your servant, O LORD, according to Your word.
At least try to understand the concept, and not surrender right away in that it's over your head.
I doubt that the police are going to bust Muhammad.
My mind brings me to speak of forms changed into bodies new.
They played on the jungle gym.
Let's make good use of the remaining daylight hours.
Hi, my dear, my darling, my honey, my destiny. How was your day?
Everyone says I'm a chip off the old block.
Material conditions are extremely important.
Thousands of homes were destroyed by the flood.
In politics there are no friends, only partners.
Adam had a severe allergic reaction.
"I can't believe that they sleep together!" "Why not? It's perfectly normal to take a teddy bear to bed with you."
They answered him, "May the Lord bless you."
Instead of digging a pit for your enemy, you should build your friend a house.
The eagle had a broken wing.
That land is forbidden territory to my tribe.
The ships left the port never to be seen again.
William will need physical therapy.
Please be sure to sign and seal the form.
Greetings from France!
The elephant is an enormous creature.
Joe didn't notice the bullet holes in the wall.
This truck was designed with the comfort of the driver in the mind.
Torture is a crime against humanity.
Jacob danced alone on the deck.
I got caught in a rip tide.
Anna announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother.
He probably got dumped.
Is this a Jewish or a Catholic Bible?
Not all Americans shared Wilson's opinion.
My stomach is growling.
Stephen is cutting the grass.
What can I get you, bud?
My heart is beating heavily.
Margaret is the choir mistress.
Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say.
The fuel level is below empty.
This is Ali's book.
He who makes Man as his standard will be struck by weapons.
Adam has been in monk mode for three months.
There was a knight, a very respectable man.
The status of a doctor is very high in this community.
Their job is to connect the computers to the network.
She looks sweet and innocent, but underneath the surface she’s a tough broad.
The wind blows constantly.
Marcus calls upon his servants.
He can't cope with his parent's death.
Jacob's prints are on the gun.
John was trained in information systems, but he doesn't work with computers.
I'm afraid if Jeremy gets out of line just one more time, they will make him leave school.
The prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length.
That was classic.
I didn't realise we were late.
Kim is dressed in a very attractive manner.
How does hail form?
Is the warrior burning the house?
Alex made for the exit.
I want to be crystal clear.
He has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years.
Edward White II became the first American to walk in space.
This frame shows the painting to good advantage.
My heavens, what an enormous box!
The function f(x) = π² is a constant function.
In fact, the Jews today have a very small population.
I was just wondering why you haven't yet turned in your homework assignment.
I can't read Arabic script.
The recent events have affected him deeply.
Joe neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
This is a clinic, not a gym.
The police have James under surveillance.
International rescue teams are at the ready to fly to Japan.
You're a traitor.
What in the heck are you trying to say?
They are pushing me for payment.
He trained his dog to fetch the newspaper.
The community will benefit from the new industry.
I'm sticking to the routine.
I speak Ancient Greek.
I'm your deputy.
Jennifer fights.
May I introduce myself, my name is Lucas.
The Royal House is an ancient institution.
The course is divided into four smaller units.
We could hear the bells ringing from a nearby church.
Yup, it seems like even the doctor was about to throw the towel.
It's a common vice.
They are happy with your plan and for you to proceed with writing your material.
It was the same fairy, who took the form and the clothes of a princess, to see how great the evil of that girl.
France is a Western European country.
I sent this message to Todd.
I was raped.
If you skip my classes, I'll kill you.
Then they took each other by the hand, and went forth from the great palace of ice.
Sophie, who was hungry, ate everything that she could get her hands on.
They met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs yesterday.
We've hit our sales target.
More than 60% of people in Britain maintain an active Facebook profile.
Davis did not want civil war.
Harry has been released on bail.
The angel then said to him: 'Do not kill your child, nor should your hand stretch out over his neck!'
Ouch! That hurts!
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out and strike it, merely to show that you have one.
Ceremony is not needed for prayer, trust is.
I let my conscience be my guide.
Our company's headquarters are in Tokyo.
Who are their heroes?
I listen to Nick Drake's singing and I wonder, whether one should want to die for beauty.
Many working mothers are full of guilt.
I'm lousy at golf.
And the Lord God took man, and put him into the paradise of pleasure, to dress it, and to keep it.
How do you write a program which makes backup copies?
Oliver was totally blown away by what Lucy said.
My vet won't feed his dog commercial dog food.
In chess, the bishop is closer to the queen.
I ate some Greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago.
Two souls, one spirit.
Eva is not such an ugly girl.
Climbing the cliff alone is a bold deed.
The origin of Kings, you say, is as ancient as that of the sun.
It is possible that we will not achieve our goals, but an attempt of some sort must be made.
Where is the closest Underground station?
I intended to go straight home, but my footsteps led me, somehow, to the library.
Leave the bike here, and tomorrow bring your ID and 20 dollars to the Bureau of Communications to get the bike back.
Alex shoots up about $150 of heroin a day.
So perhaps this was their ancient god returning after his long absence.
Joe was dragged kicking and screaming off the airplane.
This is the regular procedure.
Shell after shell smashed into the fort.
Do you hear the beep?
Jami had a motive.
I'm always dropping things.
If a blind man leads a blind man, both will fall into a pit.
She is my ward.
Miami is the biggest city in Florida.
I have arranged for Bill to meet Ann tomorrow.
They're testing new weapons.
Virginia, a wife should have no secrets from her husband.
With every broken vow, you bring our ideal closer to destruction.
I'll keep working on it in the meantime.
Are you freaking crazy or just plain stupid?
This cat doesn't chase rats.
I am Muslim and I don't eat pig.
Our party will resist to the bitter end.
In the sunlight my head started to spin, and I lay down to have a rest on the grass.
I was still eating when the doorbell rang.
Thinking is difficult, and therefore many people only pass judgment.
Your seal or signature here, please.
The French are better lovers than the Germans.
We're investigating a homicide.
Occasionally a dog will back up, but usually dogs operate in a forward gear.
Should we use genetic engineering on people?
Joe is a retired registered nurse.
Such international cooperation produced great results.
Classes at the community center are free.
He is liked by Ellen.
I can trace my ancestors back 200 years.
Hello, Teacher Li.
There were 215 votes for the motion and 15 votes against it.
I can't stand the idea that Martha was right about this.
Never have I dreamt of marrying you.
This movement had a great impact on the behavior of women.
The warrior fights to protect himself.
What form of transport will we take?
His wife’s name is Liz.
They have a talented producer.
Give me one kiss, two kisses, three kisses, darling.
Earth and Venus have a couple of things in common: they are rocky planets and are about the same size.
Yes, he is Anthony.
He made a little statue out of soft clay.
The Germans are at the city gates.
I kind of have mixed emotions.
They planted bombs outside our homes.
He dragged the creatures.
Worrying will send you grey, but it won't achieve anything.
That monitor is expensive.
That woman scares me. She's always shouting and talking to herself.
I am a lover of liberty. I will not and I cannot serve a party.
This custom dates from ancient times.
It's hard to convince Jonathan.
I tried to open the hatch but it was not to be. The lock was rusty all over, I pulled the handle and it came off.
It looks like l've come at a bad time.
I never realized that Harry is such a moron.
And even Scotland is ours!
She ripped her dress on a branch.
I'd still be spinning my wheels if I hadn't gotten that scholarship.
All three of you chop wood every day, don't you?
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun.
The new pope is called Francis.
These operations are technically impossible.
The granny is pretty old.
I shot this footage.
I saw him pat her on the shoulder.
"What's wrong?" "Uh, nothing."
It was the beginning of a romance.
The thief had special tools for picking locks.
When Muhammad wanted beef for dinner Joan liked pork, and if Joan wanted to have chicken Muhammad would like to have duck. And so it went on all the time.
There were no signs of forced entry.
We want a boy to help Matthew on the farm. A girl would be of no use to us.
The therapy is in session.
Children deserve love and protection from their mothers.
There's nothing without divine will.
She keeps moaning that she has no time.
Is this supposed to be a car? This is a pile of junk!
Should one say "thou" or "ye"?
So the Father is God, the Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God. And yet they are not Three Gods, but One God.
Tommy now works as a dog walker.
A bee is buzzing around.
The first item that you mentioned came with my basic equipment.
May I sneak in? My flight is leaving soon.
The plague came from the swamp.
I am making noise with this drill.
The sun is the eternal source of light, heat, and life.
They are threatening my life.
Muhammad was killed in a dark alley.
Hop in.
The bullet entered above the knee.
Jack's backyard is full of junk he's picked up at garage sales.
What is he really like underneath his shell?
Oi! Why aren't you running?
Lincoln did not want to punish the south.
When we reached the Academy there were scores of students there from all over the Island.
They investigate whether the fingerprints found on the door were the thief's.
The capture of the prince by the king led to another war.
Olivia couldn't give an ending to the story.
Even though Jack himself is a painter, he often buys paintings from other artists.
The police have no suspects.
Laur is a very beautiful woman. On a scale of one to ten, she's an eleven.
My grandfather led a moral life.
His troubles led him to drink.
Sandy won't become a doctor.
I have an intense "burning" pain in my eyes.
Yay! I'm happy that it's an apple that I'm eating!
Here is a brief description.
She looks like a Greek goddess.
You ain't seen nothing yet!
Two groups united to form a party.
There was some kind of white powder on the floor.
My grandfather is fully content when he is sitting on the garden bench with a cigar.
After all, it is talent that counts in music.
It looks like Charlie has an alibi for the night Emma was murdered.
He was still strong enough to squeeze a switch.
Joe says he's spotted something out of the ordinary.
George told me that he wasn't planning on joining the team.
Not all East Indians like English.
The Van Horn family was wealthy.
They have a growing population; therefore they need more and more food.
I have a warrant for Alex's arrest.
Gimme something to write on.
Tommy bumped into Julia in front of his locker and dropped his books.
The name of Marco's car is 'Thunder Giant'.
I went to Victoria Station, where I saw an old friend of mine.
A jet fighter flew over the town.
He has a split-personality disorder from childhood trauma.
How many dancing angels can fit on the tip of a knife blade?
They were chosen at random.
Handling dynamite can be dangerous.
There was a brief silence.
Harry wants to know what holds the world together at its core.
Robin Williams was loved by all.
Hail, Caesar!
Many Germans have blonde hair and blue eyes.
Keep Alex guessing.
Put your hands up here and get' em wet.
When acid touches metal, a chemical reaction happens.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman.
Congratulations, you just won a free cruise!
The resistance to theory is the resistance to the use of language about language.
Do you need some help, ma'am?
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to God.
Alexander Hamilton was a proud man.
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.
In the middle of the tour, they became separated from the main group.
I want to become both physically and mentally stronger.
"Your dog died." "Ha, yeah, very funny."
When was the last time you came to visit daddy?
We are in a phase of dramatic change.
Hmm, and I thought I was being kind by letting you live.
He often laughs at his own jokes.
Prof. Wilson's work has not always met the approval of her straight-laced colleagues.
Where are the plates arranged?
We can only hope the government decides to withdraw its troops.
The men entered the warehouse with their weapons ready.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
After you've mixed everything well, add salad dressing and a little pepper!
Your tracking number is: 111222333.
The ladies and gentlemen sat in the park and spoke of the time when they were still neighbors.
It is important to maintain your body temperature at a suitable level.
He is commander of our troops.
Muhammad has been taken hostage.
In that interview, Antonio talks about his son that died a few years ago.
Who is Mr. Owen?
I heard you have become Branch Manager of the Sydney office.
Monica does study a lot.
I know I made a mistake, but you don't need to rub it in.
Words that sound nice always contain beautiful images.
He should work for the European Commission.
Young children think that closing or covering their eyes makes them invisible.
See ya!
What'll appeal to our audience?
The fire left her with a third-degree burn which took months to fully heal.
Good heavens, Mr. Holmes! What is the matter?
The media has only discussed one thing in the last few months; the economic crisis.
"Say, you, the lady over there." "Eh?" "Could you give me a bit of advice?"
Jane gave me the same present as Wendy did.
Is that musical coming to the West End?
Three quarters of the surface of the Earth is water.
Was Julian wrong?
From all of us in the crew, we look forward to your flying with us again. We hope you have a nice day.
Philip is more handsome than you.
A strange marine creature was found recently.
Genius and madness are separated only by success.
Jesus takes checks.
Muhammad accidentally ate some rat poison.
Her face is like an angel's face: we're glad she has no wings.
It's as easy as falling off a log.
Please call me Joe.
Big Charlie’s mother’s name is Red Woman.
Where's the nearest tube station?
Don't forget to check the oil level.
Even powerful leaders in modern times have succeeded in blocking material they do not want the people to see.
Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
The black dog on the grass was exposed to the sun.
It's like shooting fish in a barrel.
We usually connect Americans with freedom.
The Dutch have five centuries of experience at holding back the sea.
Give thanks to the Lord for the blessing of life.
It was freezing!
Hope springs eternal in the human breast.
The audience gave the singer a big applause.
We live in a global community.
Police are trained to use weapons.
I'm sorry, I don't buzz in people I don't know.
It's a large brick building.
A reception was given for the Japanese foreign minister.
Very few actors have succeeded in two different TV series.
Y'all like white wine?
There should be more communication between the persons concerned.
After the death of her parents, Ann has been raising her younger sister and brother alone.
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.
The leaders of the two countries refused to meet halfway.
The neighbours have been banging about next door all morning.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson ruled out that Linda could be a suspect.
I am working in the Overseas Operations Division.
I still call my mother Mama.
He was not a financial burden on her.
You are humming.
I met Ben at the hotel yesterday.
The British foreign minister was always too busy to see him.
Adam was wearing a patch over one of his eyes.
I run a motel.
If William drops by, please give him this document.
I'm good, how 'bout you?
Brian is mad because Chris obviously does not intend to return the money.
2015 was the International Year of Soil and also the International Year of Light.
Where is your badge?
Mount the horse, please.
In addition to water, sunshine is absolutely necessary for plant life.
What is man's ultimate destiny?
Cool air blows gently.
Do you have a license to operate a motor boat?
It would have been unfortunate if it had fails.
I will not be able to participate in the company meetings in May as I will be traveling in Asia during that time.
Here is the latest interview!
This bridge bears only ten tons.
Agent is always assigned to the subject.
The little bird couldn't defend itself against the eagle.
The man has murdered his wife and her lover.
I can operate a crane.
I'm certain that your intentions are honorable.
The leak has been sealed.
Joe is a Catholic priest.
There are dead bodies under the cherry trees!
We should provide against fires.
Do not twist or bend!
Linda's resistance sent Dan into a rage.
We invited him and, lo and behold, he didn't come.
No fat chicks.
We're supposed to stay under the radar.
In Soviet Russia, television watches the audience!
Diamond cuts diamond.
William often writes to the editor of the local newspaper about issues of concern to his community.
That was without doubt a magical moment.
Form is temporary, class is permanent.
We put in our bid; now we just have to play a waiting game.
My wife works in a nearby pub.
I told her about my inner conflict.
I heard you whistling. You must be happy.
The ground was of the finest sand.
I'm not wasting rounds.
Muhammad told Lucy not to eat the ham in the fridge.
I didn't know Muhammad knew when Valentina v to do that.
Thousands of people became victims of this disease.
The bus now arriving is going to Domestic Terminal 1. Passengers for the International Terminal, please wait. The shuttle bus to the International Terminal also leaves from this stop.
You're out of booze.
Oliver is a gym nut.
This is George's pet turtle. She's called Margaret.
My sister bought five yards of cloth.
There were no slaves in the West.
He is not Ivan The Terrible.
Jacob saw a triple rainbow.
The police connected Tommy to the murder through a diary he left in his hotel room.
It looks like Janet's going to be kicked upstairs.
One of the aircraft's engines cut out.
You are evil! You are all demons!
He was fair and delicate as a prince, and beautiful as an angel; and how she loved this child!
I therefore spent the day at my club, and did not return to Baker Street until evening.
Pull over and let the meat wagon pass.
Music is a form of entertainment.
Whip the egg-whites until they are stiff.
Ancient Egypt used a solar calendar with 365 days in a year.
"Friends" is a comedy series.
He is really a Hercules.
The prosecutor asked me a leading question.
Among my cousins, you know, there's a girl with the most enormous breasts.
If you talk to me that way again, I'm going to smash your face in.
Books are ships which pass through the vast sea of time.
My executive assistant, Susie, will get the answer.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Charlie is dope sick.
Adam is a mason.
I need someone who has undercover experience.
Oh, a chocolate bunny!
What brand of popcorn do you think pops the best?
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.
The Dutch flag is red, white and blue.
The news that Oscar had left Carmen for another woman spread quickly amongst their circle of friends.
The function of the heart is to pump blood.
The nurse hit a blood vessel.
Alex has been, and still is, a constant source of worry to his parents.
The discovery of oil was a lucky accident.
She walked past clicking her high heels.
God is sealed in weed, so FREE JESUS!
Muhammad was being petty.
Mars's gravity is 38% of Earth's gravity.
En, Does he have any children?
Peace is not the absence of warriors, but their new thoughts, feelings and actions with open hearts.
It's called a stink bug for good reason.
There are 20 stations along this route.
Alex was convicted of kidnapping in 2013.
Super Mario Bros. was released thirty years ago.
Many great scientists had thought about absurd things.
What concept do we have of time? Does it move? If yes, does it move in a line, in a circle or in a different way?
God dammit! What were you even thinking?
I'm hooked on that game. I can't stop until the next morning every time I start playing it.
Leather is raw material to produce shoes.
Where is the Mexican embassy?
And the sun of Homer, look! It smiles upon us.
When you back up into a tree, you make the boot smaller.
In reverse order tonight.
Am I correct in assuming that you wish you hadn't done that?
These sea boats are fast enough to stay in a depression for several days.
I have a grandson who lives in Boston.
Give me the shield.
Why are there pork wings on the menu when pigs don't actually have any wings?
Well, San Diego is where life's a beach!
I did not recognise them.
I live in northern Sweden.
The potato was an important food source for the Spanish army.
This problem is based on a misunderstanding.
We don't want any radiation around.
It's not time to be kicking up a fuss.
Are you the new nanny?
We should get a shopping cart.
She often yells at her children.
I hope they catch the shooter.
He is an Italian Jew who has lived in France for a long time.
James thought that the burning car would explode.
What is the square root of a negative number?
Our solar system is 26,000 light-years from the center of the Galaxy.
You must be superior to me in this skill.
I can't stand that bloke.
I want to see what's at the bottom of this conspiracy of silence.
The groom hid inside the wedding cake.
Adam directed the production.
These aren't ideal conditions.
The police are investigating the shooting.
Mr. Spencer works in a shop.
According to the rumors, his new long-stories are based on his personal experiences.
The precious stone belonged to Oscar.
"Hello." "..." "Are you on guard duty again today?" "Yes." "You don't talk much, right?" "No. ...Listen, I am a samurai. People expect noble reservation and iron self-discipline of me. That just leaves no room for small talk..."
The arrow fell short of the target.
Give him an inch and he will take a yard.
Pain management is the priority.
He's outside honking his horn.
Click here to skip this ad.
I can't confirm that's the actual number of deaths.
The bandits made a raid on the village.
They made a frame with tape.
Your stomach has been rumbling for quite a while now. Are you sure you're all right?
And the Lord God called Adam, and said to him: Where art thou?
Please scan this.
I came straight here from rehearsal.
The sheets were changed yesterday.
Other lands, other customs.
No matter what your profession, or how happy you may be in it, there are moments when you wish you had chosen some other career.
The detectives may just be barking up the wrong tree.
We're not killers.
This is the biggest publicity stunt I've ever seen.
I felt a stab of jealousy.
They tell what Jesus Christ did and said, and what others did and said to him.
Professor Brown explains things very well.
Monica has been in a foul mood all week.
I remember when corporal punishment was allowed in schools.
A man can no more become a woman than a monkey can develop into a man.
Would you have a daisy for me?
He said it was hopeless to continue the struggle.
There are many different types of kisses.
We are disturbing him.
You must be under oath.
We have to get that document back before Jacob shows it to anyone.
She was released on the grounds that she was insane.
It's a personnel matter.
They're scum.
A mob quickly formed.
The section chief accepted the offer.
We named our dog Rex.
Laur is good at the balance beam.
Judy was born on the morning of September 5.
Where's my alliance?
This book contains forty photographs.
The latest round of talks have failed to lead to a peaceful solution to the conflict.
The suspect was identified quickly after being recorded on closed-circuit television.
I don't need a counselor.
Let's go to the exchange to exchange some dollars for francs.
The commander refused to negotiate.
We must not retreat.
I'm drowning in sadness falling far behind.
Is that Mrs. Kent?
"What kind of pet is always found on the floor?" "A carpet."
If you stare at the sky, you'll miss the target.
Next time I visit San Francisco, I'd like to stay at that hotel.
Oops, I did it again.
She spit out her gum.
Joe felt like he had been punched in the gut.
He thought his piano would make a good coffin for him.
Don't tell me about the sophisticated weapons you used in Vietnam. Tell me about the people who were burnt alive with them.
After the fire, only ash was left.
Lucy wants an ally to help her succeed.
She tells her tale of misery to everyone she meets.
Adam is spinning a bad cotton.
Our company selected this office suite.
About 90 percent of the planets that ever will form are yet to be born.
The dragon can be defeated.
What is the highest level of education completed by your mother or guardian?
How did you get a gig like that?
Do you know any martial arts to be traveling like this?
He leads a humble life.
Aaron wears strange clothes; people often laugh at the way he dresses.
You are required to provide three months' rent in deposit.
The four basic elements are Earth, Air, Fire and Water.
My fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country.
Margaret always shouts when she's angry.
Catherine's sighing.
Olivia is very slim, almost lean.
Jill was a great comfort to me when I was ill.
I think you're swell.
Franklin Roosevelt was born to a rich and important New York family.
Muhammad worked as a photographer's assistant.
Margaret thinks Muhammad is afraid of commitment.
We are masters of time, not its slaves!
This hut is in danger of falling down.
Yeah, but I'll have to take the rap if they slip up.
The test samples were due to arrive three days ago.
I'm reporting that there's nothing to report.
At your service, madam!
Our rear will be protected.
Thousands of dead fish have been found floating in the lake.
She always carries the Holy Bible about.
His ranch covers twenty square miles.
There's no entrance fee.
Watch out for falling objects!
Alex started chanting.
Heather believes me.
At most, Henry has only six dollars.
I have bought an adorable doll for my granddaughter.
He was a bright little fellow of eleven.
It will be interesting to see whether this weather continues.
The girls chased after their teen-age idol.
"The answer's a lemon." "Why?" "Suck it and see."
Cheers!
Stick your tongue out and say "aah."
Yo, check this out.
Toss her the ball.
Alex slipped and fell down the Grand Canyon.
Keep your own counsel!
You like laying on the grass.
In the sky there appeared a ray of light.
He's a loose cannon.
When Jack saw his reflection in a shop window, he realised how much like his mother he was becoming.
They should face a penalty for their crimes.
She is a location scout.
They view scientific research as something to suspect rather than embrace.
I saw her spike his drink.
I'm rubber, you're glue. Your words bounce off me and stick to you.
Step back, Satan!
Will you introduce me to the young woman talking with Mrs. Allen?
Yep.
Adam is a talented young director.
It was an anonymous tip-off that allowed the police to catch the terrorists.
This ancient tomb is cursed.
We need to cut down operating costs.
Walt is a product of the Cold War.
The best thing about playing an instrument you invented, no one knows if you suck or not.
Hold up there, sergeant.
This is my friend, Alex. I met them at work.
Michael Jackson was a whisky expert.
Andrea's boyfriend called my mother yesterday.
Donald Duck is a duck.
Pierce wanted to run for re-election.
It's the guest who makes the feast.
I love bargain sales.
Such gods have never existed.
Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger.
The ribs are intact.
Jami closed his eyes and listened to the sound of the waves crashing on the beach.
The eternal flame of love burned only half a year.
I've got a visual on a possible hostile.
What is the difference between the meaning of i'a and i'e?
Clara has been taking music lessons for months.
An image is formed by the information in the media.
Steve spends the most of all the family.
They are eating a pizza with blue sausage and blue sauce.
Roger Miller became very popular because of the success of the songs "Dang Me" and "Chug-A-Lug."
We were chatting about the matter when you came in, Inspector. Perhaps you can let us have a few details.
Where's mommy?
UN stands for the United Nations.
Melissa completely lost her head when the house caught on fire. She didn't know what to do.
The research done by them shows that Americans are not interested in Japan.
The speaker requested that the audience remain silent.
Just call me "Your Majesty".
His book was published just one month ago, and it has already sold thousands of copies.
Where is the British embassy?
I trust Richard, who is a man of his word.
Billy, get lost! I don't want to see you here again.
The family is sitting in a happy circle around the dining table.
There are holes in the heels of these socks.
Tommy dug a hole in his front yard.
Muhammad and Mary were just shooting the breeze.
Please do it for me, sweetheart.
I saw a man dressed as a ninja.
That's a myth.
She danced with a grace that surprised us all.
I'm honored to be working with Joe.
Jack gave Mary a shove.
The tables were made three meters long.
Who was the target audience?
He trusted his defence lawyer.
A boy was beating the drum.
I think I have a gum infection.
In the era of email, I'm so happy when a friend sends me a real letter.
Another Scotch and water, please.
The two clubs united to form one.
"Yes. I understand," says Mrs. Lee.
Some Americans joined the Communist Party.
Darn it, I forgot my camera!
The Prime Minister was obliged to resign from the Cabinet.
Pardon the bother, and many thanks for your kindness.
James and Susie had red spots all over their bodies.
Stop whimpering.
Rarely has a debate attracted so much media attention.
There aren't any bullets in this pistol.
"I am afraid, Watson, that I shall have to go," said Holmes, as we sat down together to our breakfast one morning.
Stop filming.
That would be a plus.
I want to sum up this passage for you.
What has many holes but is good for holding liquid?
Robert occasionally visits me.
Papa had a classical education.
The gunfire was getting worse, so we ran down to our cellar.
Why are you cheering for a politician?
It's a pity that concrete doesn't burn.
You're my sweetie.
Never fry a fish till it's caught.
Speak louder that your grandpa does not hear that well already.
Can I dial direct?
The cargo was too heavy. The driver couldn't take it.
Aw, has he fallen!
There's a sucker born every minute.
He who doesn't avenge is a son of a donkey.
The police are looking into the records of those people.
Baker Street was like an oven.
Humans have hatred in their hearts.
I fell off the ladder when I was picking apples.
He has a grip of steel.
I will perform my duties with pleasure.
Africa is to the African people.
He was just a shitty teacher.
I can't release that information. It's private.
She goes by the name of Amy.
As the saying goes: Speech is silver, silence is gold.
Oscar played a Spanish folk tune on his English horn at a Chinese restaurant in France.
There's a new sheriff in town.
I wonder the same thing, bro.
Jack is in a ton of trouble.
My toe began to bleed.
Oscar vanished without a trace.
I really like cookies n' cream ice cream.
Nobody heard Alex's screams.
Fortunately, I cut the red wire instead of the green one.
Jack listened to the chirping of the birds.
The street which leads to the hotel is narrow.
Let's come back to the base.
Could you lend me thirty bucks?
Do you play any other instruments besides the piano?
We have no notion of attacking him.
Anna loves chocolate.
James Cameron created a new way to make movies.
But when the monkey came back, the tin cup was always empty.
This material seems to change color when the light strikes it.
Tommy took a sip of brandy.
This is a direct quote.
Alex looks paranoid.
The oil price is falling.
Kevin gave up the idea of going to Canada.
Old cows eat tender grass.
She has a screw loose.
Oliver climbed the corporate ladder.
"A", "B" and "C" are three letters.
I have a keen interest in politics.
There's a storage space underneath the stairs.
Ugh! I hate snakes!
The cycle of blood is not regular.
Adam lived in a trailer.
Japanese women tend to look tiny and delicate.
Nothing beats a good burger with fries.
The dog twisted out my grip.
Could you dial up the operator for me?
I think it's a wild goose chase.
You're losing yourself in this minor job, when you could be the owner of an international enterprise.
Look in the mirror, pal.
Few people take the trouble to read all the terms and conditions of a contract before signing it.
It was Holmes who saw them first, and he stood pointing with a look of triumph upon his face.
Give our compliments to the chef.
Mr. Harrison was very sensitive about his bald head.
Israel claims to be the only democracy in the Middle East.
George has a Murphy bed.
Parents should be role models for their children.
Hi babe, where have you been?
Observe the masters.
Tell me, what are "spiritual ties"?
Is this Jack's residence?
The superior man controls things, he is not controlled by them.
I'm not sure what I should read: Harry Potter or the Bible?
First, we will talk to Doctor Benjamin Burns.
We have named our cats Oliver and Jerry.
When was the last time you went to an art gallery?
Muhammad and Anna didn't shake hands.
If you wish to kill Simon's enemy, I'm prepared to throw away my life.
The defense was pleased by the verdict.
We should worship our ancestors.
Geez - I'm getting nervous.
Scott believed it would be a long war.
I know now just how people feel who are being led to execution.
Andy is master of French and German.
In the morning, Sandra eats a slice of bread and drinks a cup of coffee.
Outta my way!
They should've filled up their tanks.
Nope, I'm not buying it.
You know the ritual.
I took a day off to show her the capital as her tour guide
George gave Catherine a blank stare.
Allah knows.
The wind was so strong that we were basically going nowhere.
Kennedy was a Navy hero in World War Two.
A glorious sight burst on our view.
My name's Alan.
Pedro survived.
Humanity is rapidly destroying the Earth's environment.
Oliver is trained to deal with threats.
"Have you been here before?" "Nah, this is my first time."
Chris is in a risky situation in science class.
The Mona Lisa is probably the most famous painting ever created.
Man loves company — even if it is only that of a small burning candle.
The novel is an attempt to give something back to the generations of her parents.
They found Rachel in great pain.
Strictly speaking, the theory is not correct.
Joe was shocked to learn that the DNA was Lucy's.
Not bad—not bad at all. This is quite a gathering of talent to have under one roof.
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not in.
Tommy and his mates went on a pub crawl and all ended up pretty drunk.
Returned to the villa, afternoon snack.
The roots of the plant are greedy for water.
This car has drum brakes.
Switch off the vacuum cleaner now! Its noise is getting on my nerves.
Our family name will be ruined if Oscar is convicted.
I want you to get this lesbian thing out of your system.
Thank goodness that's over.
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
Everyone, including Jack, was sitting around the table.
We couldn't stop giggling.
Anyhow, having been held in school from morning to evening ... anybody'd be happy on getting released.
They were the losers.
That is as dramatic a sunset as I've ever seen.
It is an open secret that he deals in weapons.
They chased the man to arrest him.
"You've spoiled everything, Ned," she said.
Discipline leads to success.
I would lick him in the ear.
They replaced coal with oil.
Oh, hush!
The corporation set up a dummy company.
The street is too narrow for trucks.
Delivery of the materials took two whole months so it will be late for the 12th of December.
Jack has been sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.
I know that Tommy is a financial wizard.
I bought a poster at the Arab World Institute in Paris and I had it framed.
Man is the lord of all creation.
He can pull strings for you.
With the passage of time, Alex felt less bitter about the situation.
Man is a thinking reed.
Harry received a brutal beating from his father.
Remember that the media broadcast what interests them, that's all.
The eagle is a bird of prey.
I apologise.
The solution of the puzzle required no time.
Emily is very interested in tea ceremony and flower arrangement.
Many Americans were angry about the Japanese invasion.
I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an offer of marriage.
The Prime Minister wants to be respected by everybody.
No woman is born a prostitute.
The crew prepared for the voyage to outer space.
This car was ours. Now it is theirs.
If you're going off to France anyways, why not bring me as your traveling companion?
I succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
The painting turned out to be a Turner.
Pardon me for interrupting you.
Don't look for affection from people. Just get a pet, like a cat.
Vampires are allergic to sunlight.
The coal bin is full.
We had the porter carry our luggage to our room.
They roast their own coffee beans.
Traffic in Manhattan is a problem.
He led a life of luxury.
Jacob was at a loose end, so he went to the pub for a few beers.
The box contains 20 units.
We're trying to locate him.
I would like to purchase a wooden deck panel that can be laid on the porch.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
Muhammad studied electrical engineering in college.
My special talent is that I can form a friendship at any time, anywhere, and with anyone.
I ate a slice of ham.
One in four Americans don't know that the Earth circles the Sun.
I know that Joe used to be a border patrol agent.
He can bend an iron rod with his hands.
Where's the burger patty?
Crush the ginger.
There is some coal in the stream.
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?
All the efforts went down the drain.
We should bring some bear spray.
The eagle is the queen of the winds.
I'm sure that Lucy will marry the pop singer.
I have the blues today.
A formula is very convenient, because you need not think about it.
She's a hooker.
In getting her present job, she made capital of her father's connections.
Try this bra on instead.
Meet me at the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.
Can you perform a miracle?
She's stark naked.
Chen is not American.
The tech was asked to make a light-tight box.
East or west, home is best.
Is sin the opposite of a good deed?
Is this blackmail?
Flash photography is not allowed in this museum.
"Will we make it in time walking at this pace?" "Of course we will. We still have 30 minutes left."
James isn't entitled to protection.
Plug up that leak!
The girls are making merry in the yard.
The horses pull the carriage.
Beating up people you disagree with won't solve anything.
Everyone in the apartment block shares a kitchen.
She offers an alternative vision of home.
Jack got a signing bonus.
She keeps a lover in the palace.
Some Americans have grave debts.
What about the tall grass you left over by the cellar door?
The terrorists released the hostages.
The conversation was secretly recorded and used as evidence.
You are sitting between Meg and me.
This and many other causes led to the fatal outcome.
We got a hostile reception from the villagers.
Anne Shirley, what's the matter now?
This is a book about Georgia.
Man is not as almighty as God.
Do you know all these fellows?
I have a dream that AIDS will be cured in my lifetime.
Jack is deeply troubled.
The endless cycle of revenge can only be broken by forgiveness.
This wine is superior to that one in scent.
You are my sand; I am your wave; sweat is our sea.
Aha, you did it, didn't you?
My mole is bigger than yours.
Is it a disgrace to be divorced with children?
No more bets.
Hans is a German name.
I collect dolls from different countries.
Last night, the temperature went down to ten degrees below zero.
That boy's a big bully.
And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: if any man be able to number the dust of the earth, he shall be able to number thy seed also.
See to it that all the items are arranged in a row.
Oliver was shot by a firing squad.
l don't think it's wrong.
All men are mortal. Joe is a man. Therefore, Joe is mortal.
I'll do my best to ensure that such mistakes don't occur in the future.
All the money he won in the lottery brought him nothing but misery.
The reporters were hunting for news.
He was very rich, and therefore could buy a mansion.
That is a very important objective and it will be quite tricky to achieve.
They seem to be concerned with nuclear weapons.
It is high time Japan played an important role in the international community.
Do you like shrimp cocktail?
Praise be to Buddha.
William dressed as a zombie.
A mental block stopped me from speaking.
Uh..., where's the post office?
"Kay, what are you doing?" cried the little girl.
It seems like bubble gum.
That woman there is Ana.
James's sobs could be heard from the next room.
She threw away everything that was on the small dining table in a drunken hand gesture.
The internet can't commit crimes!
Of the two pills in that box, one was of the most deadly poison, and the other was entirely harmless.
Jami is a pervert.
This apple began to rot.
Jami works at the steel mill.
I prefer travelling by train to flying.
I thought that you didn't like marching bands.
What did you say to Paula?
You got involved in something bad, huh?
Silence is a sign of consent.
Modern methods have pushed industry forward.
That material's going to shrink if it's washed.
She had a sexual encounter with him.
Here comes a copper!
Naomi has just finished her work.
The famous oil painting was sold at the auction for 2 million dollars.
His theory is based on many facts.
Love, Jon.
Elite soldiers are trained even harder than most special forces.
Little Ming still doesn't know where he's going to go next year.
Say it ain't so.
Most men in politics just did not like Adams.
The nurses are in the hospital.
You're such a brat.
He failed in the scheme, much to the disappointment of his father.
Let's ditch this joint.
Burning the flag on Independence Day? As if!
His son-in-law will be the heir to the enormous fortune.
"I would say having a romantic relationship with a person from different cultures/countries was not much different than a relationship with a person from the same country/culture," Jan said.
Jami and Olivia deny they paid ransom money.
Once there lived a king whose name was Alfred.
Our world will have an energy crisis if alternative fuel sources are not found.
Hello, ma'am.
The situation is much worse than we originally thought.
He had to carry many loads from the house to station.
The Army Air Corps, which became the U.S. Air Force, began in 1928.
She came close to falling off the platform.
She bought a yard of cloth.
Ha! I beat you.
Late at night, farmers always answer the door with a loaded shotgun.
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Carry me.
I held the fur coat close to my cheek and dreamt of the day I would be able to afford it.
The fire is spreading to the gas tank.
Hmm, maybe!
The joke loses everything when the joker laughs himself.
She phoned the psychiatrist.
If you can't have a midnight snack why do we have a light in the fridge?
Sharing is caring.
Heavy industry always benefits from war.
I'm telling you, his old car won't fetch a red cent.
I wish we could repay your kindness.
I'd like to say a word of thanks to all those gentlemen and ladies whose care I have been in.
There are more intimate elements.
Nations have their ego, just like individuals.
Find this function's global maximum and global minimum.
Good morning, friends, this is the programme "Life is pain!".
The monkeys stole all the food.
That's Sasha's house. He's lived there for years.
Adam is going to be the champ.
How've ya' been lately?
Don't forget to switch off the light in the hallway before you leave.
Therapy and medication will help you overcome your depression.
'Don't worry. I'm doing fine. :-) ' "Eh ... smiley-face?"
He was the only survivor.
Be frank.
David can't be at home.
Grow up, Joe.
Some mean man is trying to buy Charlie.
The walls between old allies on either side of the Atlantic cannot stand.
I put William down as a reference.
My dog is my constant companion.
His ideas never earned him a dime.
What's the minimum salary in Afghanistan?
You have my eternal gratitude.
There are many ancient customs in Japan.
Do you know Phoenix?
Hey, don't blame me. I'm just the messenger.
I need you to pull up a website for me.
John was beating the drums loudly.
What's your precise location.
Do y'all smoke?
There's a woman in a wheelchair wanting to talk to you.
Marilyn Monroe died when she was 36 years old.
Like our captain used to say, it's too late to escape when the sharks are eating your legs.
It is necessary to fight AIDS with whatever weapons are at hand.
Paul talks a lot.
Outside the house, Lieutenant Dan Anderson found Linda's shoes.
All girls wear pink panties.
The children called Joe a mama's boy.
Who did Mother Teresa help?
Good morning, blue skies!
These soldiers are wearing civilian clothes.
Jack had been sending her mixed signals.
"How pretty she is!" said Ben to himself.
Susie can cook everything without needing a recipe.
I was wondering if you'd mind if I smoked.
A butterfly: a thought that flies.
The Earth covers itself in darkness, but people are not afraid of the night.
There were 120 people on the plane, exclusive of the crew.
Trousers of today sit much lower on the waist than they did centuries ago.
I've got to catch some Z's.
Adam felt tremendous guilt.
Jack has an artificial knee joint.
In Sin City, everything is a gamble.
It will be jolly to have somebody to play with. There isn't any other girl who lives near enough to play with, and I've no sisters big enough.
Elvis is alive!
I think that Muhammad Jackson and Jack Thompson are the same person.
Sheila is so desperate in her search for a husband - she's decided to have a blind date!
Work on cleaning up your inner dialogue.
Buffalo bones were made into tools.
Man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains.
Carmen was kidnapped by pirates.
Jacob won the state championship.
They phoned their lawyers.
Madison made an emotional speech in Congress.
You sure guessed the critical points of that teacher's exam.
I never wrote to her, despite the urge to do so.
Since experts have been unable to translate the ancient text, museum officials are asking the public to take a crack at it.
Come back here, you scoundrel!
The room has a minimum capacity of 200 and maximum capacity of 230.
There is no plane on the runway.
My son passed in three subjects at A level.
Douglas said he believed the decision was correct.
I am a little bit afraid that he will not prepare anything because I have not seen a presentation of his with presentation material.
Jami still has nightmares.
How many beans are in the jar?
I was led by curiosity.
Adam did many of the experiments himself.
This technical journal is above me.
He was the agent of her despair.
Why would anybody kidnap them?
Houston, we've had a problem here.
I want to explore the world and go on an adventure.
Luis is such a nice boy!
Police were pounding on the door.
An opportunity presented itself.
I swear to God, if one more person here says "giant robot", you're all as good as dead.
William makes extreme statements.
Cathy stopped picking flowers.
We changed the color of our house from tan to blue.
The walls are hidden by ivy.
I met a lunatic.
He found Lucy seated alone by the ruin.
You're picking on someone smaller than you again!
When the thought of what I had done came to mind, I felt like an assassin.
Oil will float on water.
Humans are doomed.
Tommy can start a fire using just two stones, but Maria only needs a spell.
Tone of voice can indicate feelings.
Brian bought some lipstick for Kate.
Man's best friend certainly makes a good addition to a household.
These fireworks are spectacular!
British officers received their orders in April, 1775.
Go find a torch in the attic.
You have to chew the food before you swallow it.
Your life is the echo of your mental attitude.
I didn't hack into anybody's computer.
She has an elegant manner.
May I use your ink pad?
As a courtesy, Adam ran the first draft of his speech past his boss.
I cannot resist eating pudding.
To be good at poker, you have to play on your opponent's nerves.
Those two shirts are made from the same material.
The temperature now is minus ten degrees.
Moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon.
That has no bearing on the problem.
Approximately how large is the community?
Who's ultimately responsible for this?
Our Lord is with thee.
This dress fits you like a glove.
My neighbor served the most delicious crab dip at her party last night.
His ideas never earned him a single penny.
Isaac then asked his father Abraham:
Are you going to buy that auto?
I have seen an interesting memorial.
I was just wondering if any of you are planning to go to our high school reunion this weekend.
He told me that he liked to work in Chad.
We'll decide it like men, bring the dice!
I am lighting my cigar.
It was a shocking development.
I set off home, crawling.
The static continued.
There are a number of fishing boats tied up at the dock.
They made a breach in the wall.
It is a sequence of two actions.
All the evidence suggests that George was murdered.
Harry told me that he checked the oil level.
By the way, I am eating a bean stew right now.
That shows the depth of his love for his family.
I want to congratulate you on your graduation.
It is difficult to leave one's homeland.
His speech won the immediate applause of the audience.
Be at the station at eleven on the dot.
Be logical for once.
The leaf is falling.
Who forced you to eat a mouse?
His father was a mayor, but he didn't want to engage in politics.
Seek and ye shall find.
Is there a marina nearby?
A smack passes while a word remains.
Those about to die salute you.
Shane is a model for Joey.
What's the minimum salary in Cuba?
Grass doesn't grow faster if you pull it.
Let's get cracking.
This island is a pirates' den.
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.
I've just witnessed a miracle from God.
James looked very sexy in his royal blue suit.
He used a wire to connect the new light.
Driving, to me, represents having a choice: the choice of independent movement.
Laughter is a feature of mankind.
She was burning with jealousy.
Alex and Eva are celebrating their silver wedding anniversary this year.
Oscar and Mary are convicted murderers.
A thief doesn't like the moonlight, a villain doesn't like a good man.
Says the legend that there are diamonds in the region.
I have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
Do you know how you're going to stall Tommy?
Is there an off-on switch on the device?
What elements must occur?
He had done everything to satisfy his beloved's desires, but nothing worked.
After the operation I was happy, since I managed to eliminate the cancer.
I recorded the interview.
Kathy left the school earlier today.
I want to be on Broadway.
His manner was nervous and shy, like that of a sensitive gentleman.
Relationships involve compromise.
She's blond and slim.
The boy's problems are physical, not mental.
It popped out of the joint.
Oliver almost never buys chocolate bars.
Charlie shops at the international market.
They brought Oliver down to the torture chamber.
Parents provide protection for their children.
William, the guy I'm sharing a room with, is messy.
The chocolate is going to melt if you keep it out of the fridge.
Being isolated is a sad feeling.
Oscar doesn't plan on stepping down.
Muhammad throws bread to the ducks.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him.
Alex is Superman's assistant.
Give me the olive oil.
There's a warrant out for your arrest.
That's a truly revolutionary idea.
Silence is golden.
Laur did not want to meet up with Jacob in the city. Therefore, she canceled on him.
With this system a protection circuit has been built in.
We must sacrifice a bull to the gods.
She's sexually frustrated.
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
Some of our knives are missing.
Without him our company would cease to function.
We must protect the island's unique and fragile environment.
We're not going to starve to death.
“A telegram for you, Mr. Holmes,” said he. “Ha! It is the answer!”
Nobody likes attention whores.
Tommy sealed the letter with wax.
Holy Moses!
He says he doesn't eat beans because it makes him fart.
Cats are natural-born hunters.
The magician asked for a volunteer from the audience.
Is it a direct route?
Maybe we're connected by destiny.
About half of the world's population is Asian.
We have a post in the middle of our yard that we chain our dog to.
And also the gym uniform is still gym shorts, isn't it? I wonder why.
She's slim and sexy.
Mr Johnson is a lawyer. He will be having three clients this afternoon.
Are we mortal or immortal?
What about the carbon tax?
He lands in a garden and knocks at the door.
Tommy is the district sales manager for a software company.
He was a sick man when he got to New Orleans.
Vienna is a beautiful city.
This document is classified.
A fierce battle led to an historical victory for Sweden.
In the worst case scenario we'll just have to look as happy as we can.
And he does not merely write this and then not carry it out in deeds.
In role-playing games, James always picks female characters, given the choice.
James has no history of any mental disorder.
This can lead to unpleasant consequences.
Football is a simple game. 22 men chase a ball for 90 minutes, and at the end the Germans always win.
He wants me to go with him to Milan by train to visit a friend.
I went to her graduation ceremony.
He pulls down at least twenty million yen a year.
I have a large body of information in my computer database.
When I was young, I used to go swimming in a nearby creek.
The arrival of the troops led to more violence.
We are facing a crucial time.
Congress approved the plan in August 1969.
Rome's destiny was to conquer the world.
This maniac is capable of anything!
The wind blows strongly.
The mafia boss was killed in a hail of machine gun fire.
I should hesitate myself to go aboard the boats.
A play with many scene changes may be a trial for the crew or a trial for the audience.
Being an only child, he was the sole heir.
We must provide food and clothes for the victims.
The children played on the monkey bars.
Carmen dressed as a 1920s gangster for Halloween.
A rash appeared on his face.
I like to invest money in interesting projects.
It takes more time to prepare the car for getting painted than it takes for the actual paint job itself.
It seems our instincts guide and protect us.
Do people ever accuse you of being quick-tempered?
According to Christian tradition, Sunday is the first day of the week.
Parking at the Mall has seven floors and each one is marked with a specific color so that people remember more easily where they left the car.
None of the victims' names have been released.
Is there fun in scaring children and arresting people in the middle of the night in their own country?
That man was reduced to begging for money.
Everyone is capable of learning a foreign language, but it's all much easier for those with talent.
Our hearts go out to all in distress this night.
I didn't tell my parents that I had gotten an F on the test.
What's your strongest type of headache pill?
Water is a fluid.
I no longer remember the song's melody.
We tried to determine his location, but it seems that he's not in the city.
We screwed up there.
What happened to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness?
George didn't even bother knocking on the door.
He's disgusting.
The best thing about that place is the barbecue area where they supply you with everything you need.
Don't call her a freak.
Priests don't have wives.
Jacob is a Leo.
This house is off the grid.
How do you get the most bang for the buck?
Human as a biological being belongs to the animal world.
In the end, Laura has chosen to study English.
Normally you'd call 250 yards a great distance for an amateur.
Carl showed me the gold medal.
Jacob and Mary felt their hearts beating faster.
I think that Tim is a suitable candidate for this job.
Each day Marc takes the train to go to his job.
They feared a threat to democracy.
We'll have to organize the drinking party all over again as the section chief can't make it now.
James is listening to a TED talk.
Christmas always moves me.
Luke said that he likes swimming.
Jacob ripped a page out of his sketch book.
Can you fix this door? It's creaking.
The minister is to visit Mexico next week.
Jacob saw some interesting swords at the museum the day before yesterday.
We'll never be able to get past the guards.
You disappear.
My sister's hair reaches her shoulders.
George discussed with Susie a plan to rob the bank.
Our hearts are broken, our spirit is not.
Tommy won three races in a row.
Thousands of vehicles cross this bridge every day.
Please, madam, help yourself!
Do you think Jack did that just for kicks?
Fred is going to Europe on Monday.
We'll be able to go on when it clears up.
Alex was released from prison three weeks before Margaret was murdered.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr. Carter.
Henry was dismissed because he was old.
Give me the armor.
Those under arrest were waiting to be questioned.
Emma is cross-eyed.
That girl who's wearing a scarf is a virgin.
I hope that Adam continues to win.
Stephen King is one of my favourite writers.
George isn't a very good cabinet maker.
Three cheers for my Queen!
He was panting.
Say "aah."
Our hearts are linked.
I'm very pleased to announce that William Jackson will be my running mate.
I'm aware I'm not at a good level; therefore, I need to practice more.
We were supposed to go on a road trip to the grand canyon.
His speech deeply affected the audience.
Adam and Eva ate at the Golden Dragon restaurant.
There are billions of stars in our galaxy.
Stop your whining!
She said she was afraid of heights.
Nick did not do this exercise.
I suspect Oliver and Laur are spies.
Many of the city's leading restaurants close down for the whole of August.
They're dragging their heels.
The teacher was very fair when she marked our exams.
Yep. OK.
Can I speak with the director?
The Emperor ordered one of his servants to kill himself.
Oil is more precious than human life to you, right?
I peg up the washing almost every day.
You're choking me.
The police chief said they have strong leads.
In California are the famous big trees, or "forest kings" as they are called.
Oscar became a police sergeant.
Alex would correctly describe the object and color, even if he had never seen that object before.
Sadly, Alex doesn't read books.
We need to ask for a new dump truck. This one's full.
The river rose above the level of the dam.
What's the minimum salary in Switzerland?
It'll take us awhile.
There was not a ray of hope before him.
Harry drew a circle in the sand.
You were in the corridor on the second floor of the hospital.
George made a terrifying threat against Susie.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
Not all people are evil bastards.
He was thrown behind bars.
Joe saw something shiny in the water.
It is not to be wondered at, for time hangs heavily in this lonely spot to an active man like him.
My teeth are chattering because of the cold.
He's crazy about a girl called Julie.
This gun has a range of 300 meters.
Send the package to me care of Miss E Book.
Don't make that face or it will freeze that way.
I had to drag Joe out of bed.
The dough used for pancakes is thin.
Steve goes to school with Kate.
"May God be with you." "Amen."
Do you provide any other services?
You're going to be a mommy.
William ate one slice of Swiss cheese.
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.
He is quite a savage.
Your Majesty, there is a fire in my house!
"G" is an upper-case character.
But whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God's only son.
The interrogation is over.
I trust Richard; he is a man of his word.
Anne is a real good plain sensible name. You've no need to be ashamed of it.
My father holds the major interest in the corporation.
Adam was being held in the county jail.
I have a surprise for you, sweetheart.
He was released from custody yesterday.
I am looking for a job with the Cultural Minister of France.
This letter says he is going to marry Grace next month.
Wisdom is a curse when wisdom does nothing for the man who has it.
That was my initial thought.
There is not a shadow of doubt about his honesty.
My two sisters look gorgeous.
She's a fisher.
We were born out of revolution against an empire.
The hawk spread its wings.
The United States is a republic, the United Kingdom is not.
So did Hitler really only have one ball?
He proposed to Miss Lee and she accepted.
Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sins of the world!
A cold wave hit this district.
Jack is the only witness. There are no other witnesses.
I don't think you fully understand the consequences.
The face of an angel appeared in his dream.
Who's your favorite sports announcer?
The two groups share equally in the company.
Virgin Valentina appeared to Adam in a dream.
Germany is a federal republic.
I saw Jack hitting on Catherine.
I hold Monica in the basement and rape her every day.
Mummy is buying me a toy.
In my work, I sometimes simply determine an area with a tape measure.
I understood for the first time in my life what falling deeply in love was.
If we don't take care of the environment, it'll take vengeance against us.
The suspect told a lie to the inspector.
Jacob explained his bizarre theory to me.
The American ships were stopped and searched in British waters.
They mostly talked about their trips.
Why are you always shouting?
I'd like to have smaller bills mixed in.
Oh, that the Lord would guide my ways.
Speaking French is a big plus for this position.
Chuck's Diner is now open for business.
The civil rights movement leads to a dream.
His impressive body of work made him a leader in scientific research.
I believe it's time to wake up Robert.
Marie appeared out of the thin air.
They're cheering now.
I like that chick.
Jacob is a sweetie pie.
The world's population recently passed 7 billion.
Grandpa always said there'd be days like this.
She lets me go with her by plane to Shanghai.
Please go to San Francisco.
Our neighbours were forced to sell their house.
Aw, my father's going to China.
Do you have the sales slip?
They broke their own records.
I'm quite capable of explaining the situation myself.
My name is Sara.
There was no end to the girl's chatter.
Carmen, man. Barry, man. Barry, man. Carmen, man.
Previously they shut off hot water twice each summer, and now only once.
Hi, Roger. I'm pretty good!
Gee, what a novel approach.
Oliver has been sneaking out of the house at night.
The red belt sets off her black dress.
Jerusalem is the capital of Israel.
But the Evans were clean and they had enough to eat.
As l was saying, I won't do anything.
I command you to release me!
Don't look at me, don't stare at me, demon, don't stare, I can't bear it!
India was subject to the British Empire.
Amy looked at me smiling.
William may need a hip replacement.
Speech is silver, silence is gold.
You and Sally used to eat a lot.
Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.
I wonder what you were referring to.
Jacob called the sheriff's office.
In the end, Jack had to bite the bullet and take responsibility for his actions.
I turned off the TV and settled down to put the finishing touches to the report.
We elected Mr. Jordan chairman.
Cool song, bro.
Andrew meets Linda at school.
Daniel is making chocolate cake.
My name begins with the letter N.
The movie we saw last night was in French with English subtitles.
Damned if you do and damned if you don't.
Jami screams a lot.
Oliver began gasping.
And what do you base your demand on?
You owe me another thirty bucks.
Charlie is the only one capable of stopping them.
I heard George sobbing.
Uh...how does this work?
Thomas likes Anna, but Anna doesn't like Thomas.
She's a nun.
Do you want to swing from that tree branch?
If you think betting and gambling are going to make you rich, Jami, then you're wrong.
Many working mothers struggle to balance their home and work lives.
The diamond is a precious stone.
Kevin was brought up by his aunt in the country.
They're all chasing her.
For the first time, the Japanese Navy had been defeated.
What sets us apart from other species?
Muhammad got married in Las Vegas.
I have not any children to pass on the legacy of our misery.
"Hey, you!" "Yes?" "See this piece of shit here?" "Yes." "Do I owe him money?" "Yes!" "...Screw you!" "Yes..."
Team A won the game against team B.
Molly has a big watch.
I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people.
I'd like to talk to Jean.
Language is unique in that any statement must start out as the creation of an individual mind.
The neighbour's dog constantly barks.
I'm Muslim and I don't eat pig.
Why is your immediate reaction always so negative?
Suddenly she felt tiny, worthless and miserable.
Golden guns don't protect you from bullets.
Sales fell off in the third quarter.
Can I help you with anything, pal?
We never know when adventure will step into our lives, but when it does, we must seize it.
Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty? How nice and soft it sounds!
Would you please give our compliments to the chef?
He is called Jeff by everyone.
Muhammad hit pay dirt.
The king had a weird blue crown!
Huh? Or maybe did how many of what do what how? What do you think?
I observe that everyone who's for abortion is already born.
I shouldn't have told you nothin'.
The conditions are identical.
We are dreaming of a better future.
All legitimate claims will be settled.
You're a babe.
I've just finished watching episode three.
I don't know why Oliver and Anna are whispering.
He has a habit of sucking his pencil.
The present prime minister was not present at the ceremony.
I saw you yesterday at the funeral.
Betty White is very popular with Americans.
Do you watch "Joe and Jerry"?
Do me a favour and shut up.
That's a mighty fine question.
The earth, because it is not a product of labour, cannot have a value.
I want to shake his hand.
He never opens his mouth without a purpose of complaining about something.
You are Simon, son of John.
I will see you on next Tuesday, that is to say, the 10th of September.
The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain.
That guy's rolling in dough.
In Japan almost all roads are single lane.
I have never heard Roy sing a song in public.
Oliver ruined our camping trip by forgetting to put the tent in the car.
What's the title of your new book?
I'm looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
Sit down when you pee.
Ireland and England are separated by sea.
That's it. I'm outta here.
Please call me Angela.
The conspiracy was massive.
Comrade Muhammad fell in love with comrade Julia.
Stay here for as long as the food supply holds out.
The gym is used for the ceremony.
Jami was kidnapped by terrorists.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
Charlie basically did what he was told to do.
As far as possible without surrender be on good terms with all persons.
Alan is neither happy, nor satisfied with his marriage.
Even the best-laid plans can go bust.
Oscar once worked as a tour guide.
Oliver survived the brutal assault.
The artificial lake dried up in hot weather.
The trail was not clearly marked.
We also invited the child's mother to Seoul.
It took a long time for the child to find Lisa.
We're partners now.
Do these insects sting?
I wish I could afford to send my daughter to an Ivy League university.
Jack is trading Christmas items.
The blast was very strong.
Where is his teddy bear?
It is better to envy than to pity.
The teacher assigned a three-page theme for Friday's class.
The eye doesn't see beyond its own comfort level.
Rachel was buried two days later.
Only in the second round the Communist Party told to the working class: "Do not vote the right wing".
I side with the DNA evidence.
It's confidential.
Supposedly, his father once betrayed China.
Nobody dared whisper a word.
The launch was successful. We're now leaving the solar system.
The siren is broken.
I will never go shopping with Jason again.
Alice made a clothes line out of a cord.
Greetings from Brazil!
Have you ever read the story of the crow and the fox?
Can I take your order, ma'am?
Moonlight won the Oscar for Best Picture.
We suspect poisoning.
Exercise everyday.
We need more chips and dip.
Who designed the sets for the play?
Tommy and Eva sang a Christmas carol.
There is no defense against an unexpected attack.
She came up from goodness knows where.
We but not including you will run.
I'll take my cue from you.
"Ha!" said the Princess, "this is very pretty; how do you do it? Give it to me. Let me see if I can do it."
She'll rip my head off.
Carmen announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new sister.
One needs to do their best in all things, and more importantly work within their abilities.
I've never been dumped before.
Israel is not the Jewish people and much less the Jewish religion.
I still call my father Daddy.
I'm going to need a wig.
Muhammad couldn't help but feel sentimental.
James attacked John with a fork in the prison yard.
Hmm ... God may or may not exist.
The children's laughs spread throughout the forest.
Generally, special forces don't have much contact with civilians.
Adam made a dash for the front door.
So far we have had no news as to which route the expedition has taken.
Ladies and gentlemen...
I need a mouse pad.
Charlie has the back door of his house nailed shut.
James was the one who designed these costumes.
"God is our salvation," said the priest.
When it comes to dancing, nobody can move like Michael Jackson.
Where did you lodge them?
Too good to be true, eh?
William and Olivia are somewhere in the stadium.
I'll be perfectly frank.
David tells me that you're leaving.
Excuse me, Joe, can I use your phone?
"I don't understand Christmas," said Charlie Brown.
Tommy was accused of inappropriate sexual behaviour.
The price of my dress' fabric is 10 Euros per meter.
Now Abraham was old, and advanced in age; and the Lord had blessed him in all things.
Have you seen Alex's latest invention?
The bug is underneath me.
Tommy showed Eva the chart.
Tommy says that he only drinks on days that end in "y".
Tommy hates the sound of wind chimes.
Have you seen Paul today?
We ate smoked salmon.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson couldn't link Linda to the crime.
Mama! That lady and man are holding hands, they're great friends aren't they!
Produced to strict organic standards.
All of us went besides him.
The lawyer was expecting Ben.
The two Queens are very different.
Your resume's impressive.
Jacob rides a chopper.
It is the case that those who live on a pension are forced to lead a hard life.
You can win all the battles yet lose the war.
Scientists have found water on Mars.
Wouldn't it make you want to spit chips?
Peace-keeping troops moved in to restore calm after the battle.
Nobody's forcing you to do anything.
He is the Napoleon of crime, Watson.
This is a very promising industry.
East or West, home is best.
The residents dared not enter their homes for fear of another earthquake.
Failing the exam was a blow to his ego.
There are a lot of old cities in Italy. Rome and Venice, for example.
The piece was arranged for piano and orchestra.
As he couldn't endure, he took to his heels.
Honor is the most precious thing we possess.
The number of traffic accidents has increased in recent years.
The wedding ceremony will be held regardless of the weather.
He deliberately exposed her to danger.
I used to think that witches were real.
The paper cut his finger as if it were a razor blade.
It's smaller than a grain of salt.
I adore poetry and music.
We may collect a variety of information about you.
I just can't work out what makes Joe tick.
My cousin serves in the Marines.
Most Americans liked Roosevelt.
The business was settled to everybody's satisfaction.
I hate doing interviews.
Cricket is a game that takes skill.
This update will be released at 10 o'clock this morning.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
I will eat pumpkin pudding.
The Foreign Minister was a puppet.
On account of bad weather, we were forced to call off the assembly.
It will be all the same a hundred years hence.
And the Lord God said: It is not good for man to be alone: let us make him a help like unto himself.
Jacob put the cans of beans on the shelf.
Anne lived in terror of being captured by Nazis.
The computer stopped working after an automatic system update.
Harry will appeal the judgment.
The timing is critical.
Have you seen "The Invisible Guest" movie?
When the electricity went off everyone was rushing about in a state of confusion.
Do you prefer lobster or crab?
Please look up the first train to London in the railway guide.
His theory is based on fact.
I'm listening to your heartbeat.
You will need a bodyguard.
If you forgive those who sin against you, your heavenly Father will forgive you. But if you refuse to forgive others, your Father will not forgive your sins.
How do you plead?
They selected the world's best artists to paint the wall.
He performed his duty at the expense of his time.
It made me chuckle.
The old man had an innocent face, but in truth was a rogue.
Muhammad ripped the poster off the wall.
Don't get side tracked.
In German, compound words are written as one word!
"Advise and Consent" is a book about the US Senate.
George was stuck in a mental loop.
Harry couldn't resist flirting with Monica.
Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the cost.
I hear your childish laughter.
London's more expensive than Delhi.
She works as an au pair.
William was an altar boy.
If everything works out well, I'll be kidnapped by a cult.
Don't wander off like that.
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity.
This is the kind of work that requires a high level of concentration.
My GPS works very well.
The mechanic fixed my car without charging me a dime.
The doctor performed an unnecessary procedure.
The gap in perspective between man and woman on home management.
We watch films on DVD every Saturday night.
He drove onto the mine and his jeep exploded.
Would you please autograph this book?
Adam freaks me out.
This is the house which was designed by a famous architect.
Love is a scam.
The tower is fifteen metres tall.
We must preserve his remaining works.
I'm pressing charges.
The sniper is driving a white van.
I have settled on green for the curtains.
I always felt emotionally abused.
For our children to be safe, please do not enter adult sites.
Robin is Batman's friend.
We must execute his orders.
Jami committed a series of murders.
Why are you tearing this book?
I will not presume to give an opinion.
Who leads the chorus?
That is not art. That is a vagina with teeth.
Is it possible to cry underwater?
Japan guaranteed a 2 billion yen aid package to developing countries.
Take a look at these feathers.
How do I erase a sentence?
Most teams perform better when they have a home game.
Nothing is more delightful to me than travelling.
My mom spoke with the school superintendent.
Eggs are essential in the production of new human cells.
What a subtle hint!
This is my fiancé.
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.
God, hear my plea.
This dish has a strong flavor of garlic.
Joe isn't facing any charges.
C'mon! English is easy!
Meet my new friends, Dan, Linda, Matt, and Rita.
The prophet had a vision.
Wrestling was the most popular organized sport in Ancient Greece.
You can't appreciate the flies in all their glory.
The abandoned city was swallowed by the jungle.
Once upon a time, in a land not very different to yours lived a beautiful young woman named Belle.
The love of a young maiden is a poem. The love of an old maid is philosophy.
Hello, are you Jose?
I made a frightening mask in art class.
Get on my karma train.
The project was a joint effort by students from three different classes.
We're in for the long haul.
They seem to be worrying about nuclear weapons.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go out with him.
I wonder what happened to the ancient Romans.
You have water running through your veins.
I hate it when people try to duck their responsibilities.
Every penny counts.
The larger the amount of silver, the larger the amount of corruption.
Thousands of homes were destroyed.
Ken's really a chip off the old block.
Tommy's off his meds again.
This is an international community.
The dry spell continued into September.
Toy sales peak just before Christmas,
I don't see any bullet holes anywhere.
Death is a mysterious lady without compassion.
I love you, there's just no spark.
Marie use to love poetry.
I knew Joe wasn't a long-time Boston resident.
Have you checked the oil level recently?
My granddaughter has a lot of skill at taking pictures.
The Jordan River is the only river flowing into the Dead Sea.
Does Betty's son know that his mother is a serial killer?
Is this the bus for Park Ridge?
Many people were upset when they saw Harry burning the flag.
She's an absolute angel.
There's a cute guy in my yoga classes.
And the first prize goes to...John Doe!
Susie is accusing Jacob of having kidnapped her.
Diana, you might take Anne out into the garden and show her your flowers.
George heard Valentina gasp.
Shall I fetch James from the pleasure lounge?
He was one of the leaders of the revolution.
Pine trees can grow up to thirty meters tall.
The boat is attached to the anchor by a chain.
Apparently he wanted to distract her.
Do you know where Mrs. Hudson lives?
Everyone creates his own destiny.
Adjust your grip.
The stomach pains went away.
She watched videos on Facebook before turning off the light.
Where did you slaughter them?
The blanket was stinking of urine.
Joe has trouble controlling his emotions.
What rivers run through Arizona ?
Wires carry electricity.
If Jack had been wearing a bullet-proof vest like the other police officers, he probably wouldn't have been killed.
Next week, I'll be out of office attending a meeting about dealing with difficult clients.
It'll be a pity if he fails.
The police found no sign of forced entry.
And God called the dry land, Earth; and the gathering together of the waters, he called Seas. And God saw that it was good.
We danced to the disco music.
In the wardrobe, there is... I'm not saying what's in the wardrobe; that is remaining my great secret.
They are collecting information by casual methods.
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
"Are you all right?" "Yeah, l'm fine."
Steel is a key industry.
Our section chief always makes a face at me when I ask him for something.
There was eternal twilight in the place.
I'm learning Ancient Greek.
James is playing on the jungle gym with his friends.
Minute particles are hardly visible to the naked eye.
We're not in Kansas anymore.
I don't think that this chain will stand the strain.
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
It's not that easy, huh?
I knew that Charlie wasn't a reckless young fellow.
We need a nut that will fit that bolt.
The wheat fields stretch out for miles.
Tommy has some very radical ideas.
That was enough to issue a warrant for Dan's arrest.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
I knew I should have given you a stronger dose.
We just want to make sure the rights of our citizens are protected.
I ain't helping you no matter what.
James is sniffing a lot today. He has probably got the flu.
You're a tease.
Jacob might need physical therapy.
The China-Zhuhai-Macau-Hong Kong Bridge has a total length of 55 kilometers.
Contact your congressman.
Criminals generally do not single out police officers.
Jacob had a look at Lucy's house interior.
It's a pleasure to meet you, ma'am.
Nothing was then heard but a confused sound of voices saying:— "Ha! how beautiful she is! Ha! how beautiful she is!"
Jami approached the growling dog.
Oliver still calls his father Daddy.
You look dead, bud.
Harry has been released on bond.
Charlie's skull was crushed when the building collapsed.
A man named Carlos came to a mountain village looking for that old man.
The sea is a harsh mistress.
Hmm, what's this?
Don't use any brand names in your material.
Nobody laughs at my jokes.
"Trees haven't souls," said practical Diana.
Ali is my brother.
I ate a tuna salad.
Companies are less loyal to their workers.
I'm a monk.
I couldn't connect to the network.
Ladies and Gentlemen, now we will start the movie.
I believe you know what Marcus is doing.
I'd like two prints of each.
Many Americans wanted a gold standard.
I'm depending on you to help me.
All systems are go.
A new tunnel has been dug through the mountain.
Feel my kisses, darling.
This song is a classic.
Lucy doesn't realise that she gets on everyone's nerves.
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
He makes it a rule to go over the financial section every time he reads the paper.
He is capable of running a mile in four minutes.
I think this is pretty outrageous.
I want to sit next to the emergency exit.
Let's make this crystal clear.
An expensive car is a status symbol.
Their boy was named Edward.
Where was Michael Jackson buried?
The correct answer should be marked with an X.
If you have something against the Jews, you don't have to come here and say it.
Eh, just a second, let me finish this.
A desk stood in the centre, with a red leather swivel-chair.
It took us three days to write a script for our movie.
The press confirmed the rumors.
We had her under surveillance.
Jacob was quite frank about it.
William no longer works at the clinic.
She worked long hours as a nursing assistant.
Visit our website for additional information.
George may be a traitor.
Ever since his father died, David is very sad.
Why the heck did you do this?
Oliver is just an average Joe.
A pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance.
Nothing is routine.
"I am come to ask Chloe of you as a wife," he said.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
He is my distant relation.
The principal assured me of her honesty.
We cross the railroad tracks every morning.
William should be landing in Boston right about now.
He would leave the job to his vice president.
The impact of the crisis is enormous.
Congratulations! You won a free cruise!
His son had been killed in a duel.
Joe is a distant relative of mine.
I'll determine how we proceed.
Hello Madam!
Isn't that a spaghetti western, George?
Oliver sounded slightly panicked.
The Lord is with thee.
You raped him!
There is little harmony in international affairs nowadays.
The more cheese, the more holes. The more holes, the less cheese. Thus: The more cheese, the less cheese.
Don't skip classes, okay?
Y'all need to grow up.
Has the mail been sorted?
Harry promised Catherine he'd buy her a diamond necklace.
Sophie was so hungry that she ate everything that she could get her hands on.
Henry said that he couldn't wait any longer.
Paul bought them a gift.
My friend still continues to work at the police station.
It's best if you can read the source material before seeing a movie.
Mr. Davis looks very tired.
Alex is being held on $300,000 bail.
Ouch! My tooth!
Alex isn't a lieutenant.
Mama seems to have started with French.
Susie sometimes visits her father's office.
They didn't have a prayer.
I've already read all the Harry Potter books.
Let your conscience be your guide.
Someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book.
William was arrested and immediately taken to headquarters.
Stick out your tongue and say "aah."
Jack asked the DJ for a slow song.
You look exhausted, mate. I think you need to take a break from writing.
Have you heard about my new grand piano? Now you have to hear its sound.
Besides that, I don't know how to dance.
Come close, young heroes!
I want to get a little something for Ben and visit him in the hospital.
The lake was frozen, so we walked across the ice.
Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.
Oscar is a lousy dancer.
It's important to have an off-site backup of all the data on your computer.
She had her hat blown off by the strong wind.
I must ask Nick for his new address and telephone number when I see him.
Canada is not a paradise.
Sometimes Dennis is really crazy.
I saw something white flying in the sky, so that I came to believe in angels.
Will artificial intelligence be able to replace people?
John and Eva are best friends.
I was the director for three years.
The cliff hangs over the road.
They played strip poker.
If they drive God from the earth, we shall shelter Him underground.
She followed in her father's footsteps and became a doctor.
The old sergeant was not less moved than the captain.
Alex said that the rooms are very comfortable.
Charlie heard the buzzer.
He wiped out the recording.
In the Greek football game, the players on one team tried to carry a ball across a line in the other team's territory.
Mary is digging a hole, isn't she?
What's included under assets?
We have to do something to save humanity from itself.
Our glory will be eternal.
I thought that Oliver would be returning to Australia.
I was forced to submit to my fate.
I have mixed emotions about this.
I'll beep him.
They were there with some other motive in mind which she still didn't know about.
My father is dropping me off at the airport along the way.
Harry raised his hairy fist.
They abandoned the fort to the Indians.
Steve, I heard you were the baby of the family.
I tuck my children into bed every night.
You won't be able to see the effects in the first phase.
Did you miss Mommy?
If you really have free time, read a book. Borrow one from the ward library.
All the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat.
They finally had to commit Tommy to an asylum.
The existence of an international language allows people to understand each other better.
I had a mental breakdown.
How could Her Majesty be wrong..?
Alex became the commander.
The baby was named Richard after his grandfather.
What shall I do in the meantime?
Oliver is testing us.
It's a pop song.
Thanks for the coffee, sweetheart.
She got away with a slap on the wrist.
Do you know whether or not Grace is at home?
He rang the doorbell.
Whoever believes in him is not condemned.
I know Tommy used to be a homicide detective.
The sun always sets in the west.
Even if an intelligent man loves a woman deeply, he will never show his love to her, but merely keep it in his heart.
Lee said he could not accept the job.
Are you afraid of rats?
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early.
The lovers were walking arm in arm.
Pardon me for interrupting.
We must have a new supply of forms.
Will my signature be enough?
My parents approved of my marrying Margaret.
Let's listen to the tape.
This is my favorite fairy tale.
He is an inspector.
Let's give Muhammad a round of applause.
The decision will merely have been delayed for a few more weeks.
You're my sand. I'm your wave. The sweat is our sea.
This shouting isn't helping anything.
Jami cleared the plates from the table.
He gave a sigh of relief.
Five plus three is eight.
While backing up, I bumped into another car and set off its alarm.
By what means of transport did you get here?
I must go to the theatre now.
The Prime Minister holds a press conference tomorrow.
The pay is based on sales.
John is senior to Robert.
It's standard procedure.
Such a deed is an offense against the law.
The crowd was cheering as Harry crossed the finish line.
You can't arrest me for being a clown.
It's a very clever piece of kit.
The knight is not so much brave as reckless.
Just seven more days — then I'll see my sweetie again.
My grandpa is sick.
I am Anthony.
Clay accepted the offer.
It seems a cruel thing to clip a bird's wings.
Aw, sorry you missed the show.
I don't like any of these records.
Susie is a registered nurse.
Many cities were destroyed by bombs.
Lately you see more young couples making out at the train station ticket gates acting as though nobody in the world existed.
It was ten degrees below zero this morning.
Can you quickly go and buy grey bread from the baker? And have it cut!
I forgot the baby monitor.
Oliver sat on a log, picking his guitar.
I'm so busy these days it makes my head spin. I don't even have time to watch a video.
At last, the bells of victory rang out.
Roger worked from early in the morning until late at night.
He was sentenced to death by firing squad.
We'd like separate checks, please.
It's good to know that Dan no longer dates Linda.
Keep a low profile.
You old moron! What do you understand?!
I cannot release that information. It is private.
Great! Now we can have one giant global police state.
Amy wants something new to wear.
Some say that speech is worth silver, but silence is worth gold.
Their job is to chop the wood.
Business results of the company were much better than other companies in the industry.
Jack was the sheriff.
What are you doing bro?
She is a most gracious neighbor.
Wow, Daniel has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
Your theory has no scientific basis.
The flag is a national symbol.
Muhammad screams.
Technically, I'm homeless.
It's just a stretch of sand.
Do you remember the first name of your grandmother? - No, I just always called her granny.
Let us touch base on this issue every morning at the beginning of the day.
Charlie owes me thirty bucks.
Police got their hands on the footage.
Kim is older than I am by four years.
The sea covers much of the surface of the globe.
He pat his dog on the head.
Thomas likes Anna, but she doesn't like him.
Squeeze a little lemon on your fish.
You've seen too many romance movies.
She met Jacob yesterday
But you know well that this would have negative consequences.
It started a chain reaction.
Nobody believed Kevin because he always makes up stories.
I drink a bottle of Coke for breakfast. Is that healthy?
William didn't commit those crimes.
That guy has a screw loose!
I have pictures of San Francisco.
My car isn't fancy, but it gets me from point A to point B.
Caroline knows better than to spend all her money on clothes.
Matthew and I have decided to keep you — that is, if you will try to be a good little girl and show yourself grateful.
What is more divine than reason?
Alex started moaning in pain.
Whose pile of junk is this?
It's been decided that the entertainment for our year-end party will be a question-with-comical-improvised-answer session.
The Forensic Investigation Unit is trying to determine the cause of today's fire.
I bought the pig yesterday.
We're going to take a short commercial break.
The ring I gave her had a tiny stone in it.
It's a very demanding profession.
We should become unique, mature individuals.
The tree branch broke when a bullet hit it.
Tommy is a fast walker and I sometimes have trouble keeping up with him.
Who does Tommy pal around with?
A bee is buzzing.
Brian got his wisdom teeth out.
Why did you sneak up on me?
There are only liquor stores and gun shops here.
Oscar is a talented chef.
I cannot drill the door. This is Ken's job.
He is named Jeff by everyone.
Juan made it to the airport by this morning.
It is threatening to rain.
Jesus died on the cross for our sins.
Jack was found dead in an alley.
Hop in. I'll give you a ride.
My uncle is staying in Hong Kong at present.
There has been enough suffering, death and destruction. Let it end now.
It would be pointless.
She's a babe.
Treat Mario well, if not, your mother is going to punish you.
There's nothing illegal about creating a shell company.
There were many people at the funeral.
Your threats don't frighten me.
I called my cats Jacob and Jerry.
The priest blessed the marriage of the two.
The policeman promised to investigate the matter.
We'll capture them.
I can't shake off my cold.
This is the key that opens that door.
After the accident, he could no longer bend his right knee.
I'm calling you on behalf of Mr. Simon.
Diana is the beautiful goddess of the Moon and the forest.
Groups are a good way to share an interest with a small community or the whole world.
That would be treason.
An intense heat wave is expected.
Charlie and Valentina were both suspects.
Step on the scale.
I was looking for Andy. You don't know where he is?
Officials are not allowed to use the words "climate change" or "sea-level rise" in Florida.
Get outta here!
My father led a moral life.
Tommy's troubles weren't financial.
Spanish words sound sandy...
You did not make the holes deeper.
It is not outside of the realm of possibility.
Yay! Our team won again.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
George's wife will provide an alibi for him.
Our host opened a drawer, and a small box full of black powder was revealed.
That's basically correct.
It isn't easy being a parent, is it?
You knew I was planning on joining the team, didn't you?
Americans who are over sixty-five make up 12.5% of the total population.
It was a bitter pill to swallow.
William is an assistant editor.
Dan hung himself in the locker room.
Lisa pretended not to hear.
Victoria died in 1901.
Our tour guide's name was William.
Drug dealers don't take takes.
There are no signs of trauma on Jacob's corpse.
He bought books at random.
The blade of my knife is very keen.
"Why did the English fight the Native Americans?" asked George. "And why did the Indians fight the English?" asked Eva.
I don't see this as a core issue.
That's my friend Rachel. We go to school together.
Joan dropped her husband like a hot potato.
"What's wrong here?" "The author's DNA".
The car is screeching.
Hail Caesar! Those who are about to die greet you!
I want to find a blonde, blue-eyed European woman.
A guest should not try to make himself superior to the host.
I'm just guessing.
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not at home.
They killed this goat as a sacrifice to God.
You are teaching your grandmother to suck eggs.
The newly-elected politician flew in on his private jet to attend his first sitting of parliament.
Therefore we had to help each other and in that way the bonds between me and my sister were strong.
For goodness sake.
Thanks for including me.
A person named Williams came to see you yesterday.
If pro is the opposite of con is the opposite of progress Congress?
Charlie kept a stiff upper lip.
God could not be everywhere, therefore he created mothers.
Ford won by one hundred-seventeen votes.
His mental development was slow.
Fate often sends the unexpected.
I'll have time to file my nails while you're dressing.
Harry is in the warehouse.
Joe was wanted for an illegal weapons possession.
Why would they want a hostage?
The air of Sydney is cleaner than that of Tokyo.
Three quarters of the surface of Earth is water.
Tommy rides a dragon around Boston.
Monica doesn't study a lot.
She drank her soda.
He received a tremendous punch on the jaw from his opponent.
Rub it in, why don't you?
Images are important.
I get a three percent commission on anything I sell.
I'm not covering their pool.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor's bills, or save enough for their child's college education.
The queen was wearing a magnificent silver dress.
I have no musical talent and neither does Harry.
It is necessary to complete all pages of the application form.
The new finance minister has street-cred.
In older people, wounds take a long time to heal.
Philip is nicer than you.
Madness has no more limits!
Loneliness is the ultimate poverty.
They went to Alexander Hamilton for orders.
Management hid the true financial state of the company from the workers.
The subway in London is known as "the Tube."
Will feeding my dog garlic cause any problems?
He who makes the mistake bears the consequences.
The words in my head form streets and buildings, entire cities. I want to take you there.
And will not come into the light for fear that his deeds will be exposed.
Centuries later, there were more humans in outer space than there were on Earth.
We wanted flying cars, instead we got 140 characters.
The water was freezing.
These claims lack a scientific foundation.
And he took his ring from his own hand, and gave it into his hand: and he put upon him a robe of silk, and put a chain of gold about his neck.
That's a buzz kill.
He judges other people time and again.
One can't see through a brick wall.
I was very pleased with the audience's reception of my speech.
Regarding the new facility in Brazil we have not made a decision yet.
Mrs. Roland, what do you think of this problem?
I don't want to burden you with my troubles.
His fart was so lethal that I nearly passed out.
The third generation Japanese communication methods are W-CDMA and CDMA2000.
Can you identify the problem areas?
New levels were added to the game.
I heard William banging on your window last night.
Have you ever used a slide rule?
His colleagues are unpleasant to him. He's had enough.
And Abraham answered, and said: Seeing I have once begun, I will speak to my Lord, whereas I am dust and ashes.
He thinks that only very well trained actors can be really successful.
He applied the money to the payment of debts.
Who's humming?
Also cracks may form in buildings that aren't Earthquake proof.
You look stunning!
I am west of the east.
After all I couldn't make heads or tails of her story.
"And where are the bosses?" – "At dinner".
William was trying to entertain Marie.
The trucks had failed inspection, but the drivers took them out anyway.
Put handcuffs on him.
Though apparently healthy, he really has a delicate constitution.
Don't do us any favors.
I was just wondering how it would feel to be punched in the stomach.
Be careful. It's the perfect place for an ambush.
Her theory is based on facts.
Alex kicked Lucy in the shin.
They're hollow.
We have no hot water because the pipes broke.
Jesus Christ!
American news stories always refer to "The Japanese" no matter who is being talked about.
James's wounds have healed.
William left his wife for an exotic dancer that he met in a strip club.
In the first place, I would like to announce several new regulations.
An eagle's wings are more than one meter across.
That shipment's been very much delayed.
We need to connect this cable to the generator.
Silence is golden, but not when trying to learn a foreign language.
Ms. Swan is our English teacher.
He returned from Holland in June.
There are many more beautiful ladies in Shanghai than in Tokyo.
Untie me.
My mother is called Lucy, she is British.
William is a regular blood donor.
He’d had experience with law enforcement.
I'm sorry I haven't been able to give you my cousin's contact info.
A translation error led to an international incident.
I'm told that eating jelly helps grow strong nails.
The president's son leads the special forces.
Catherine plans to appeal her conviction.
Oliver is too trusting.
I'd like to talk to the foreman.
Mental health is as important as physical health.
They always extend kindness to their neighbors.
This test suite is unstable.
No one can spell "spaghetti."
Therefore, a young person is not an appropriate student of politics.
And give me life, but give it in thy song; For only they that die themselves may give Life to the dead: and I would have thee live.
He spoke to the nation on August eighth.
To me it doesn't seem at all normal to separate the children from their mothers.
First l was afraid.
Jacob got out of the limo.
Spread your wings and you will see: your destiny will be under your control.
They said it was a clear violation of international law.
Better to be a happy fool than an unhappy sage.
Huh?
Monroe received 65 votes.
My dad thinks my boyfriend is a real whack job.
Have you arranged things for our departure?
I ain't worried about what he might say.
This problem won't resolve itself.
Anne will not accomplish anything.
The section chief keeps him down.
She's going to get married to Mr. Johnson on June 4th.
That's essentially what happened here.
Is that correct, ma'am?
The British had more troops than the other side.
James was obsessed by the belief that, one by one, everyone around him was being abducted and replaced by aliens.
How long does it take to fly from Tokyo to Los Angeles?
Ha, as if you had a choice.
Eva is a spoiled rich daddy's girl.
Employees were always complaining about their wages, their working conditions, and so forth.
Hmm. No one ever asks me.
James never laughs.
Kelly's voice carries well.
Jami wonders if the painter will be able to disguise the small holes in the walls.
Jami didn't tell his parents that he had gotten an F on the test.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, thank you for your time.
What we want to do next is check the oil level.
When the cat leaves, the rat dances.
How sweet you are, darling.
Americans who had money were afraid to invest it.
I completely screwed up.
After knocking twice, the police had no choice but to break the door down.
Jami told me he thought that Laur was disgusting.
Take a deep breath and don't freak out.
I have a child with Down syndrome.
Michael is reading a book.
The train arrived bang on time.
Laura decided to come out.
You're not gonna die, eh?
Dan is a highly trained professional investigator.
That's Carl.
They felt their hearts beating faster.
Tim writes with his left hand.
William is fitting in.
Jack is an extremely frank person.
They clearly pose no threat.
Love is the miracle of civilization.
David is handsome.
We all went to the party except Joe.
Have you listened to this TED talk?
He tried to put the moves on her.
Luke, I am your father.
He grew up in a Christian town.
Lord, guard and guide us today!
The guards almost beat him to death.
How can you disappear from my life like this?
Americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy.
Does that mean Rob is getting lucky tonight?
I met Fred on the street.
We'll leave as soon as the weather clears up.
William visited Susie, who was in the hospital with a broken bone.
Do y'all want a cookie?
None of Tommy's friends knew he was a CIA agent.
It was yesterday morning when Carmen saw Mr. Carter.
What turned Emma into a racist?
Paul went back with his father.
I knew that William wasn't a lieutenant.
The audience was deeply affected.
Where's my mama?
She was panting.
Besides being ignorant, he is too proud.
He didn't believe Ben's words.
The movie was cast mostly with Americans.
Before it gets out in the media, I'd like to announce to all my fans that I'm pregnant.
He's just an ordinary man.
We must stop using ozone-depleting chemicals immediately.
Many Americans want to get married on the fourth of July.
Blessed are the poor in spirit.
How many capital cities does South Africa have?
Life is a carnival.
She was supposedly possessed by a demon.
The emperor was not impressed.
I have no talent for politics.
Lawyers are bad Christians.
I love California.
Adam always sits in the front row.
My place is a dump.
Lucy drew a large circle in the sand.
A merry Christmas to all of you.
They made me an apple-pie bed, the bastards!
I cannot continue my class with you chattering to one another.
Jami was convicted of high range drink driving.
As long as it doesn't freeze!
I had to drag him out of bed.
If not for "if" and "however", I would say amen to everything.
I want those reports on my desk within the hour.
This song's in the key of G.
He couldn't possibly part with his beloved dog.
Tommy became interested in ancient Egyptian history.
If all the medicine in the world were thrown into the sea, it would be bad for the fish and good for humanity.
There are many Americans in Mexico.
Jami was held in the county jail.
What led to the fall of the Roman Empire?
I want a pet tiger.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Can it be proven beyond a shadow of a doubt?
"Here are some flowers for you." "Thanks. They're gorgeous."
When was the last time you were at a burial ceremony?
I don't need gold, I only seek the ultimate truth.
She is leading by two meters.
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
I am amazed by the wisdom and honesty of this person.
Joe shouldn't have compared his teacher to Hitler.
The two cities are connected by this highway.
I hope there were some witnesses.
Muhammad is an experienced announcer.
I don't think that you fully understand the consequences.
The Federal Republic of Germany was established in 1949.
Charlie kept hitting me.
Rape is a shame for her and her family.
Mummy, could you give me money to buy sweets?
They are stopping at the Empire Hotel.
Jacob has devoted his life to the movement against nuclear energy.
Elizabeth I became the Queen of England in 1558.
The gas tank is going to explode.
Whoa, if we keep chatting, despite actually arriving early, we'll end up late!
Oliver said Carmen has been wanting to visit Australia for a long time.
The United States had nuclear weapons.
She bought a chick.
The services took place at the cemetery.
Your website says it's out of stock.
George lets Catherine do that.
That talent is much sought after.
Will you see Sara next month?
Both houses of Congress approved Jefferson's proposal.
Barry already left.
For reasons mentioned previously, I have decided to resign my position.
"Gee, it sure is boring around here!" "You've got to be kidding." "Yes!" "Good."
I'm going to buy a leather belt.
He failed in the attempt to sail across the Pacific Ocean.
Sally is two years senior to Ken.
The police are investigating my brother for the murder, but they're barking up the wrong tree.
Which is better, Mac or Windows?
The lawyers haven't needed to surf.
The population of the world now is about 3 billion.
We know George sometimes hits Eva.
Taking unnecessary risks is pushing your luck!
"Andrew, where's the map? Have you got it?" "I don't think so."
Most people don't like watching movies with subtitles.
Damned if I know.
Do you charge for delivery?
I heard him sobbing.
I want to sign the contracts.
"The Invisible Guest" is my favorite movie.
Jacob sat on the porch swing and smoked his pipe.
Muhammad is always chasing girls.
We must become a multi-planet species.
They got married in Las Vegas.
To tell the truth, I don't like classical music. On the other hand, Molly is really into it.
Jean travels less than Alice.
Every website has a unique address.
It is a little after a quarter to eleven.
That kitty is so cute!
The Americans surprised the Germans.
"Did you find any dirt on him?" "No, he's clean as a whistle."
I've lost my crown.
I can hardly believe I'm not dreaming.
Do you want to watch another episode?
Who's George whispering to?
This isn't a diamond. It's just plain glass.
Oscar and Mary carefully took off their masks.
Fate has turned in my favour.
Have you seen my flash drive?
Jami is a mighty important figure in our town.
Start by rolling out the dough.
Yesterday was Tuesday, 2010, January the 26th.
Which lane would you recommend?
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember that song's title.
I feel like I have to go pee!
Oh, please call me Angela.
The spider I just killed was massive.
He springs from a noble family.
That water tower holds a three-day supply.
Jack put the car in gear.
You might as well surrender.
I was a public servant.
Alex was convicted of second-degree assault in 2013.
Detective Dan Anderson picked up another trail.
We're not friends, we're partners.
Tommy claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
He's way out of your league.
Alex was injured in the blast.
Jacob bought a teddy bear for Valentina.
Anyone whose comfort level depends on what someone else is wearing really needs to take a long, hard look at themselves.
What's your favorite TV show theme song?
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knew.
She said that she'd been betrayed.
Jack is a country music legend.
The satellite launch was broadcast live.
I heard a siren in the distance.
Greetings, old friend!
At the very least, I'd like to be able to have everyday conversations.
It was torture for him to see his girlfriend with another man.
Carol returned to her hotel.
I don't think he's playing with a full deck.
Jacob thought the used car salesman was trying to rip him off.
Oliver asked his parents, Oscar and Anna, where do children come from.
I thought that Oscar dumped Laur a month ago.
She's not Jewish. She's Muslim.
The population of Sweden is on the increase.
We have a warrant for your arrest.
A swine sees no sky.
There are only two paths out from this house.
I always go to Holy Mass on Sunday morning.
Congratulations, and thanks for everything!
There is a madam here.
Henry will become an adult this March.
The army continues its anti-terrorism operation.
Oliver's parents didn't allow him to watch Harry Potter.
Aah, I'm angry for some reason!
What should be done if we want to find our soul mate?
Grand Central Station, please.
Muhammad was rescued in the nick of time.
George entered the dining room, carrying a tray.
The director wants to see you in his office.
The father had met the sergeant last year.
Alex is my friend.
The crowd burst into laughter.
Steve is an American name.
He spent the night in his van.
Are you my mommy?
Stop shooting.
I said to the king: Your Majesty, please forgive me!
They were beginning to lose faith in their commander.
Is Mr. Richard at home?
I'll pop in tomorrow morning.
She's a sweetheart.
Grace looked angry.
Whoever believes in him does not get condemned.
The father picks his socks scattered around the room.
"Yes, all right," says Mrs. Lee.
Pardon me for a moment.
Will you play the tape?
I compromised with Muhammad.
"I am sorry to say that we have made very little progress," said the Inspector.
His behavior won general applause.
You'll get nowhere by shouting.
Emma beat the game and immediately started New Game Plus.
My name is Robert, but you can call me Bob.
Alex needs a little cheering up.
What's the matter, sweetie?
The tiger is stalking us.
When I was little, grandpa and grandma would come to baby-sit. At night in bed grandma would read to me. Or grandpa would tell a story.
Jacob is restless.
The police looked into the records of the man.
Catherine is a retired registered nurse.
Roger left the farm when he was still very young.
I signed the release.
How did Amy look?
The sheriff is waiting for you in his office.
Thanks, bro.
Theirs is not as old as ours.
Daniel got a good job.
I heard screams.
We have just gotten to first base.
I'll sell it to you for a hundred bucks.
Kim was still alive.
We were destined to get married from the time we were born - Not!
Anna got married without her parents' knowledge.
Angels fly because they take themselves lightly.
Ah, screw it.
Do we need a Plan B?
Dan was assigned to a new police unit.
Don't eat pig. It's poison.
Our world is only a tiny part of the universe.
I told you the interview would be a breeze.
What a beautiful city San Francisco is!
Susie is a talented chef.
Everybody calls him Jeff.
When I last saw William he was just a babe in arms.
I think you should go to Oliver's funeral.
Jerry doesn't bother about other people and only has an eye on the main chance.
Charlie and Susie didn't even shake hands.
When a man opens the door of a car for a woman, either the woman is new, or the car.
Simon says: "Stand!"
I have a hunch.
My dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner's.
Andy is never late for a date.
The priest blessed the marriage of the happy couple.
Bless you.
It's basically quite simple.
The enemy suffered many casualties.
The company hired a temporary office assistant.
That's kind of you, Lisa.
I know Oscar used to be a tour guide.
Jack found a stack of lottery tickets in Laur's room.
Was this ever tested for DNA?
Don't teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
The defense attorney was pleased by the verdict.
Thank goodness you're here.
There are six people including him.
This astronaut studies the effects of space travel on the human body.
What's her occupation?
The Godfather is my favorite movie.
He has a painting of Jesus Christ in the living room.
I don't watch a lot of movies, but I can't resist a good documentary.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Harry is legendary.
Joe passed with flying colours.
Are you allowed to pay by cheque?
For everyone comes a time when his conscience catches up with him.
His theory is not based on facts.
I have printed 100 pages.
It looks like that, huh?
How do you feel now, little Timmy?
Hello Mimi! How are you?
Ain't that cute?
What would you like, ma'am?
Your plan's no good. - Ha, so now it's "my" plan!
Muhammad keeps an eagle feather as a good-luck charm.
"Daddy, why is the sky blue?" "Well, it just is."
Hmm.
He never laughs.
The new section chief seems to spend most of his time finding fault with the work of his men.
All the planes are grounded.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Can you tell me if you love your darling?
Michael is already an adult, but he still lives with his mother.
Talking bad about mother again, eh?
His notion is that planes are safer than cars.
Does Jami really want me to be frank?
Jim and David belong to that association.
Never did anybody look more guilty than poor Joe at that moment.
Y'all must stay.
He's an agent for a big insurance company.
Jami refused to tell the police who his accomplice was.
Paul's sitting in front of Jack.
Jacob was a lieutenant.
Jack played Big Fat Mama on the piano.
I will fail Arabic Level 5 if I don't get at least a C in the final exam.
Beth won't allow Chris to kiss her because he's awfully dirty.
He has no friends besides me.
Ben's not as young as he looks.
I should have used a condom.
Jack was an absolute angel.
Who will succeed Reagan as President?
The coat is lined with fur.
Someone should notify the next of kin.
Parks are ideal for writing.
That branch is the one that is falling.
There were no signs of forced entry in the house.
I don't waste ammunition.
Is this a dagger which I see before me, the handle toward my hand?
On what grounds are you arresting me?
It's the first time I swallow a peach pit!
Jami asked the guy at the gas station to check his oil level.
Incoming!
My financial worries are over.
The beasts ran through the plain.
Muhammad has a pet monkey named Cookie.
My sacrifice will keep you united and my name will be your battle standard.
I have made several pen pals there.
The island was therefore a sure haven for all criminals who had run from the law.
Both Matt and Rita are my co-workers.
I trained with the special forces.
Angels have two wings; the Devil has a tail.
Are you sure Muhammad is a bounty hunter?
The two fields are separated by a wall.
In his fantasy, Mars is like Australia.
The temperature is currently ten degrees below zero.
It was a harmless school prank.
We should raise our children as 'global citizens'.
Many people reject a good idea just because it isn't their own.
Muhammad didn't commit the crimes he's been accused of.
James killed the rat with a cane.
I didn't go to Hong Kong by plane.
The knee is the body's largest joint.
No one fights against liberty; at most they may fight against the liberty of others.
Charlie's lawyers say he was framed.
More than 20,000 Americans are murdered each year.
I recorded the conditions up until now!
Does your country have nuclear weapons?
"Life is a joint venture", both said, and decided to marry.
Does the set of all sets that do not contain themselves contain itself?
I have been followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only waiting for the warrant to arrest me. It will break my mother’s heart—it will break her heart!
Holy Oscar!
You're doing so well! Congratulations!
Good evening, madam!
Carmen shattered her ankle after falling down the stairs.
At most, Henry has six dollars.
I hope that continues.
Which Harry Potter book is your favorite?
I don't even know what you are called, mate.
He visited the grand temple every day.
I got to the airport just in the nick of time.
I spent three years looking for a good director, but couldn't find one.
A captain is above a sergeant.
“Why do you look so pale, Lucy?” said her father, turning suddenly round and breaking silence.
One professor says that even if Alex is using words, it's wrong to call it a language.
All the students burst into laughter.
"The Invisible Guest" is my favorite Spanish movie.
Steve looked very happy.
Charlie's van is parked over there.
Where's my mommy?
We heard shooting.
"His Majesty... I must go and see what happened! ...Your Majesty, what has happened?" "Link kissed me!" "Of course he kissed you, you're his hero!"
They had some doubts about their commander.
Eva is a famous pop star.
I married my high school sweetheart.
Grace goes to the telephone upstairs.
Whoever finds the bag must bring it here.
Fade into grey.
I met him through Lee.
She was born in Ohio.
I beg your pardon. I didn't know this was your seat.
I'll buy a tape.
I went to the inspector's office for the documents.
He received much applause.
There was shouting.
The crew prepared for the voyage across the Pacific Ocean.
One plus two is equal to three.
I am a friend of Robert's.
Adam was cheering for Olivia.
Are you crying, sweetie?
How are Grandma and Grandpa cooking the fish?
The arrow hit the target.
I hereby declare that the above-furnished information is true.
The records of our company show a large profit for the year.
Roger that.
You must take action for their release quickly.
Amy, you should marry him!
Are you the sheriff?
Cool story, bro.
Their car passed ours.
They had red spots all over their bodies.
She doesn't speak, she screams!
There's a secret base on the moon.
Charlie looks like a million bucks.
Kim is four years older than me.
Ask Anna for her opinion. I'd be interested to know what she thinks.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but if the doctor is cute, screw the fruit!
I had to choose between A and B.
At that moment, the telephone in the unit office rang.
Do not eat pig. It's poison.
William hates his tiny bedroom.
She is prepared for the interview tomorrow.
Give Brian a big hug for me!
You're an excellent chef.
Jeff seems to know where she is.
What time do we get to San Francisco?
Who's this hot babe?
The reason Jack isn't here is because he had to go to Australia for a funeral.
They named their cats Jami and Jerry.
Joe wanted to be the first to shake hands with Lucy after her concert.
He opens the letter.
Simon says, "Stop reading this sentence."
You've ruined my concentration.
She waited for her lover at the station.
The priest blessed us.
May God bless the country I was born in !
We basically agree.
Today is a little cold, huh?
Lisa visits Oscar every time that she's in the United States.
William is a tour guide.
It's a pity she couldn't come.
There was no DNA evidence on the letter.
Language schools suck.
The defense attorney asked for mercy for the condemned man.
This ain't normal.
Because of her goodness and beauty everyone loved her.
James fooled everybody, including me.
"Professor, I know why!" "Why?" "Because!" "No!" "Ha, professor, exactly — but not absolutely so!"
Where's Daddy?
Adam still laughs about it.
Ladies and gentlemen, please sit down.
It happened exactly on our wedding day, darling.
I was appointed to section chief.
Michael is a man of few words, but when he speaks, people listen.
Let's be frank in this question.
David is at home.
It was Mr. White that gave Joe this ticket.
How are y'all?
James called his agent.
"Paul is sick in bed today." "That's too bad."
Jack wasn't a lieutenant.
Her son is a mama's boy. He has to be with her all the time.
You're the only person I know besides Charlie who likes to do that.
He didn't doubt that Ben had something to do with the crime.
The ships reached port.
Their daughter Chelsea was born in 1980.
This company is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
George may need physical therapy.
The mouse ran underneath the bed.
Jacob bought Laur a diamond necklace.
Mostly criminals are as naive as children.
Barbie has blond hair and blue eyes.
There are many tall trees and different kinds of grass in the jungle.
She is going to marry Mr Johnson on June 4.
I can't find any holes in his theory.
The murder suspect's version of events did not ring true to investigating officers.
I have mixed emotions.
The television is making a hissing noise.
Thanks, bud!
People, not walls create the cities.
My name is Stephen.
Were they heavily armed?
This plant is green.
Our dog dug up a skull.
Carlos is having lunch with his girlfriend.
Yes, mistress.
Kelly carries the news department.
The two friends have formed a deep bond of friendship.
This book is Ali's.
The temperature in Boston is expected to drop to -8°F.
I think I want to be a monk.
The gods are pleased by your actions.
The scientists made a surprising discovery.
Margaret is honking her horn.
Marcus was neither heard to confess nor able to deny.
William's prints were on the gun.
People needed a more practical system of exchange, so various money systems developed.
Dan dug a tunnel in his cell with a spoon.
"What's new with you?" "I just found out I've been transferred to the another division."
He's a classic case that the more ignorant people are the more sure they are that they are correct.
Little did I realise how much I loved her.
We took my nephew to hospital last Monday.
Eleven o'clock is my regular time for going to bed.
I heard you really screwed up today.
It isn't blood. It's tomato sauce.
National fibre-optic network project has started.
There has been an increase in the number of murders.
I think someone is knocking at the door.
I think William and Susie are disgusting.
My mom will freak out.
I need you to exit the car, please.
I saw children begging for food along the side of the road.
The answer is crystal clear.
Joe was never convicted of those charges.
Have you tried the Batman one?
What's our status?
This is Edward.
He wants the most bang for his buck.
Laura, are you a teacher?
You forgot to divide by X here.
Unless a beautiful woman is an angel, her husband is the most wretched of men.
Many anti-Zionist Jews are accused of being anti-Semites.
Dan shall judge his people like another tribe in Israel.
The airport is quite far from the city centre.
Please go over the script.
William later confirmed this.
Carl looked very happy.
There's been a recent gain in the population of the city.
Their hearts were beating very fast.
Jami is under surveillance.
I call the computer "Tim".
The clinic was closed down.
William is facing financial problems.
Adam was a traitor.
What the heck are you doing here?
To avoid confusion, the teams wore different colors.
I like Ted best of the three boys.
Go and fetch the food and barbecue from the car!
I'm really going to miss Oscar when he moves to Boston.
Luke, I am your son.
Is that your daily routine now?
Stones don't float.
He turned Christian.
He appointed John to act as his deputy.
The principal presented the new teacher.
Human tissue is made up of cells.
If we place an order for more than 20 units, would you reduce the price?
We followed the deer's tracks.
Dan wasn't satisfied with Linda's landing.
The prisoner broke away from the guards who were holding him.
It isn't a vice.
It was as if the earth were to disappear from under his feet.
It is clear that the Americans can't even solve their own problems, so how can they possibly think themselves capable of dealing with the rest of the world's problems?
Tommy and some of his friends are planning to rob a bank.
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.
How would you like us to proceed?
The plot was set into motion.
Should I call you "thou" or "you"?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is my favorite spaghetti western.
John and Fred don't play in a band.
That sounded good.
This is the man who raped you.
Ah! That clears up everything.
They gave their dog a bone.
Does anyone have any questions thus far?
I used to skip classes a lot.
I defeated the warrior.
He is too old to get his affairs in order himself.
Eva sleeps at Emma's home.
He said Davis must be captured.
I jumped bail.
Ouch! My eyes hurt.
This is how the great empire came into existence.
If God had listened to my prayer, my boss would be working for me now.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
A flag is a national symbol.
Our headquarters will remain in Boston.
I hear a dog panting.
Heroes don't die. Only bad guys do.
Emma has a chip on her shoulder.
Oliver stood frozen.
I feel lousy.
I think George is a pretty good backup singer.
Such was the explosion that the roof was blown off.
William didn't seem like an ordinary guy to me.
And say, "My Lord, increase me in knowledge."
What is happening? Did I die and I'm arriving in paradise?
It'll be hard to replace William.
The dragon cannot be defeated.
Year after year, production continued to increase.
The cliff hangs over the sea.
How many slaves were taken from Africa to America?
Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our sins as we forgive those who sin against us.
The emperor has no clothes.
In the underground, to double-cross any member means sure death.
I didn't want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I am sending him to California.
I've already hidden the diamonds.
Alex sits in the front row for a better view.
A penny for your thoughts!
The gang met up at the city dump.
William is recording a new album.
The sun sets in the west.
Is there a nearby branch of a Japanese bank?
I am digging a well.
I hate holidays, because I ought to be merry and happy on holidays, and can't.
The movements of this robot are awkward.
When are you returning to Italy?
He carries some creature about with him in a box.
Joe's teeth were chattering.
My friend and I have listened to a good many strange secrets in this room, and we have had the good fortune to bring peace to many troubled souls.
He vanished without a trace.
It's only effective at close range.
Leave a message after the beep.
Who had a motive to kill Muhammad?
I hope you don't mind me dropping by.
Oscar is going to freeze to death.
Don't you drag me into this.
Their territory was small for the population.
The timing of the announcement hurts the public relations of the police.
This theory holds in everything.
I have an aunt who lives in Los Angeles.
In order to buy a car, you must show the ward office proof of parking space.
Run for the hills.
She half dragged, half carried the log.
I brought these reports for you to examine.
Can we change the key to G?
Aren't you loyal?
So, what do we do in the meantime?
Testing begins this week.
My beloved friend: no matter where you go, I will find you.
There were a few moments of confusion.
Are you freaking out?
Most Native Americans in Mexico speak Spanish.
William lives in Miami-Dade county.
I got off with a slap on the wrist.
Ann is exclusive in her choice of friends.
In the dark it's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
The doorbell rang.
The shadow of the stick is visible.
Susie is a gorgeous woman.
Oscar was my mum's dog.
We let you off, on this condition however, that you no longer seek wisdom.
No one's ever questioned my judgment before.
Oscar and Lucy phoned their lawyers.
Good heavens, Holmes! Are you sure of what you say?
I know that Harry is a homicide detective.
We have a great squad.
We live in the United Kingdom.
We saw a patrol car running at full speed.
Jacob has not earned such treatment for any of his actions.
How long did it take you to collect so many coins?
They formed a human chain.
Be polite to our clients, then they will pay you.
From what material is the frame of your glasses?
There are many rats on the ship.
I'd like to have an intra-uterine device.
The eagle flies through the sunny valley.
Adam didn't leave any witnesses.
Ellen does not speak English.
This child's mother is an announcer.
He is not a virgin anymore.
Adam was sentenced to three years in federal prison.
She's got lovers for every day of the week.
I saw Alex hitting Susie.
My word is as good as a signature.
The man whom she is marrying is an astronaut.
You took my pants off and tried to rape me. You'll pay for this. I promise.
On TV we saw Mummy's office in flames.
Fortunately, I cut the red wire instead of the green wire.
Life isn't like a fairy tale.
Dan was thrown out of the club.
Notice the difference between a sigh of relief and a sigh of grief.
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me, I'd be scared to death.
We use public transport.
Where are we going now? To the theatre or the cinema?
We have two cherry trees in the yard.
Elizabeth the second is the queen of England.
That's standard procedure.
The computer has made a great impact on modern life.
Despite his wealth, he is not at all happy.
Muhammad said that Julia has been wanting to do that ever since she was a little girl.
I like playing offense.
I have a first-aid kit in my car.
She bought a baby chick.
The Dark Knight is a good movie.
Your services are no longer required.
Your website says it's in stock.
The terrorist group was responsible for the bomb explosion outside the embassy.
Susie lets Oscar sing with her band sometimes, even though he's not a very good singer.
Yes, this is Anthony.
He served as a United States senator.
There's many a slip between the cup and the lip.
This is a recent development.
The cops threw tear-gas bombs into the building.
Tommy has a t-shirt that was signed by Bill Gates.
He was a small, slim, clean-shaven, prim-faced man, flaxen-haired and lean-jawed, between thirty and forty years of age, dressed in a grey suit and wearing a straw hat.
And he was very rich in possession of gold and silver.
What's the reading on the blood pressure monitor?
And Sara lived a hundred and twenty-seven years.
That couldn't possibly have any negative consequences.
Olivia goes to spin class every day after work.
I will be here two hours later than previously said.
Adam rang one of the bells.
"Gee, it sure is boring around here!" "Yeah, you're so boring I could die."
Jack wants to buy a leather belt.
This temple dates back to 780.
He looked exactly like his profile picture.
Why, Anne, what do you mean? Were you never taught to say your prayers?
I'm not a moron.
Anyone taken into police custody is entitled, among other things, to a free phone call.
There is a demon inside of me.
An international language would be most useful for humanity.
During the Industrial Revolution, people worked 16 hours non-stop.
Muhammad's job creates extreme stress.
Please chop the chicken for the salad.
Sally has bought a new dress, but she hasn't worn it yet.
I use a Mac, I can't open a Windows 95 file.
I read somewhere that animals can sense an earthquake before it hits.
Why are you pushing all responsibilities to others?
It's Friday, and so we have to perform our prayers.
When it comes to staying young, a mind-lift beats a face-lift any day.
Muhammad watched a Japanese movie with French subtitles.
I can't get rid of that damned sentence!
It's technically illegal.
You have a delivery.
Apples are produced in this district.
I can't confirm that that's the actual number of deaths.
She won't stop sobbing.
Groups are a good way to share an interest with either a small community or the whole world.
She pat her dog on the head.
Have you heard the latest rumors?
It was the start of a romance.
I ate the whole bag of potato chips by myself.
I should call Jacob first.
There isn't enough room to swing a cat in his flat.
Currently, 7.3 billion people live on Earth, and the world population is expected to rise to 9.7 billion by 2050.
She tries so hard, but she's just spinning her wheels.
I saw a cat chasing a dog.
I can see the coke in your nose.
Harry joined the navy after finishing college.
I had never before seen this species of fish.
Harry had a great time in Las Vegas.
Many students struggle with math and science.
Tommy wasn't wearing a mask.
People of the world, how do you spend the last day of the old year? Here, on Caroline Island, we met the new year a little earlier than you did.
The stopping distance for an average car travelling 80km/h is 53m.
Matthew understands me, and it's so nice to be understood.
The cake tastes divine!
What did Jean make?
You have a very impressive resume.
The Diet is now in session.
I went to a commercial high school.
Susie fights constantly with her parents.
I am very sensitive to the cold.
She'll come at quarter past three.
I am a good walker.
There are no more bullets in my gun.
There is a fly buzzing in front of the fish shop.
Alex tried to sneak into the concert.
Oliver can't hold his liquor.
You're a very good kitty.
The loud drill gave her husband a headache.
Juan doesn't have a brother.
They end up with clean dirt.
Throughout the day the weather had looked more than threatening.
Charlie was found dead in the alley.
He put a crown on the king's head.
The government ordered their destruction thirty years ago.
It's not exactly rocket science.
Dreaming costs nothing.
My hay fever is kicking up.
The boss considered firing Tommy, but decided against it.
How long is an episode of 60 minutes?
Instead of whispering it quietly, why don't you say it to my face!
The way they plan to punish Jack seems kind of severe.
Yesterday Betty went to the sea.
Could you do him a favour?
She did her homework in a flash.
As I looked upon the little gate in the mighty wall, I felt that beyond it lay a dream-country from which, once it was entered, there would be no return.
You have to investigate that problem.
They said Anderson and his men must leave the fort.
Capture George alive.
My knee hurts when I bend it.
May this ring forever be the symbol of my eternal love.
That dude is rolling in dough.
Yesterday was Tuesday, January 26, 2010.
When I'm in traffic, I try to find the fastest moving lane.
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
I think Alex suspects me.
I failed to recall the song's title.
James stepped off the scale.
My dog loves to pee on car tires.
Mike has a couple of friends in Florida.
I love creating characters and seeing where I can take them.
Alex has no moral values.
The new government has financial troubles.
Tommy wasn't able to provide an alibi so the police arrested him.
Jordan is called "Al-Urdun" in Arabic.
Police dug a little deeper and found more clues.
The flood was massive.
He has a noble mind.
Who is the goddess of love?
I always went to Miami in the summer.
Excuse me. I must use the powder room.
Thirty days has September, April, June and November.
We spent the afternoon cleaning our gear.
I moved out of my parent's house to live on my own.
The shepherd counts the sheep: "One, two, three, four, five ... one hundred."
The alternative to surrender is death.
Women are amazing creatures.
The royal wedding was a magnificent occasion.
Might before right is the complaint of many a poor servant.
You knew I wasn't planning on joining the team, didn't you?
Jack must swallow the bitter pill.
Oscar witnessed the assault.
Where are we on the trail?
Oscar is changing in the locker room.
He broke with his partners.
When was Queen Victoria born?
Aaron gave it to Sarah.
She's way out your league.
Muhammad died in the blast.
Tell us a random travel experience you had that you weren't expecting but loved.
Jacob kept a goat for a pet.
He had an intense hatred of his teacher.
Jack bought Margaret a teddy bear.
I'll be brief.
The theme park was closed down last month.
And at the very core, he found trust.
He took me under his wing.
It's not Joan. You are wrong.
Alice said she was betrayed.
Legend has it that this house is haunted.
She has blonde hair and a slim figure.
They are going to launch an artificial satellite tomorrow.
I'm guessing you didn't clean your house yet.
Tommy heard a siren.
Oliver couldn't see the point in having to fill out so many forms.
I'll send you greetings by radio.
The jet plane flew away in an instant.
The police suspect Adam is a serial killer.
It's just an everyday thing.
Rome is one of the most ancient cities in Europe.
She designed beautiful costumes for the movie.
It was like torture.
Carol is studying Spanish.
Jami doesn't seem to be playing with a full deck.
He tries to rip off us!
A Mr Williams came to see you yesterday.
When Oliver started driving, it seemed that he didn't understand the risks involved.
She dumped me.
I'm a pro.
The light at the upper window disappeared.
I have a Jewish neighbor.
If you need help, take a private class with Professor Wilson.
Caesar did not have a bike.
When ye have lifted up the Son of Man, then shall ye know that I am he.
Our boss wants us to maintain a calls log.
Their colleague was transferred to an overseas branch.
They went into their dressing rooms.
Where is your warehouse?
The fork isn't as clean as the plates.
Tommy told me he checked the oil level.
She was held hostage in a parking garage.
Is this in fact going to affect their relationships?
Sydney is far from here.
Monica didn't study very much.
He drank his soda.
Could you give me a back rub?
She explained her ideas with images.
The governor was surprised by the commission's response.
Oliver put the fire out by covering it with a wet blanket.
Tommy constantly checks his phone.
I’ll review any grounds for appeal.
To be honest, he doesn't have any musical talent.
Can Superman also see through clothes?
The central nervous system doesn't heal.
Philip is more handsome than you are.
Anger is a type of madness.
It is a very mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead.
Now, Alexander can translate in Spanish.
The management of a company offered a 5% pay increase to the union.
Where's the tube station?
I'm the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
He took up his quarters in the inn.
I can squeeze you in.
Harry is freezing.
Shane, who goes off and on attending the computer, is obviously crazy.
Marco is shorter than Mario.
Ability to operate a computer is critical for this job.
I'm not interested. Buzz off.
The judges made a decision.
The house is made of brick.
What James thought was a harmless joke, soon became deadly serious.
The ceremony was followed by the reception.
Divide the pile of documents equally, and take them one by one to either side of the room.
Is the facility clean?
The Japanese take their shoes off before entering their homes.
I didn't want to burden you with my troubles.
This corporation is well known for its communication equipment.
Individual freedom is the foundation of democracy.
I don't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
This sandwich has multiple levels and a final boss.
James heard banging on the door.
Do you want to go down the slide?
Jack lost his colleagues' trust.
The play was presented by a group of young actors.
What methods of payment do you accept?
I heard Oscar humming to himself while he washed dishes.
It must've been broken during shipping.
We flattered her on her cooking.
Jami is an absolute angel.
You're new, huh?
Life ain't easy.
Ha, I made you look.
Daddy told me where it would be nice to go.
Luckily, I got hold of a branch and was saved from falling.
Nobody laughs at Oscar's jokes.
Adam can probably pull some strings for you and get you into that school.
Police found no signs of forced entry.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Do you want some breakfast, darling?
Holy Friday is the Friday before Easter.
Congratulations on your new job.
As women are full of holes, many of them tend to think of themselves as victims.
Michael Jackson has passed away.
“Really, sir, this is a very extraordinary question.” “I am sorry, madam, but I must repeat it.” “Then I answer—certainly not.”
I didn't like the idea that I had to confess my sins to a priest.
He is an extremely frank person.
We chose Henry captain of our team.
I hope that that continues.
My car is at David's garage.
Everybody except Joe went to the party.
What's your favorite Harry Potter book?
I'll never mention my mate to them again.
To our surprise, he won the grand prize.
There's no need for Nick to come to my office.
George isn't the director.
Y'all come! You all come see us, now!
Under what name did you work as agent?
He rose to the rank of sergeant.
Alex will answer, "Color!"
Paul went to party in place of his father.
I got along with the lieutenant colonel.
I love you, Mama.
"I am the Ghost of Christmas Present," said the Spirit. "Look upon me!"
You're the only person I know besides myself who likes to do that.
I'm dying of laughter!
Ben loves his sister.
Steve did not come home.
She spent the night in her van.
I gave it to my mommy.
Jami was killed in a drive-by shooting.
Your Majesty, open the door. It is cold out here.
The commander said they would stay.
Jami is too old to make it as a pop singer.
I was wondering when you were going to tell me about it.
Good night, sweetheart.
Grace hasn't come yet.
Whoever knows him well respects him.
I knew that Joe was a reckless young fellow.
This fact shows that he is innocent.
I beg your pardon. I didn't quite catch your name.
Hand back the tape tomorrow.
I know who killed the police inspector.
Hold your applause, please.
Didn't you hear me shouting to you?
One plus two makes three.
Robert likes to chat with his boyfriend.
I heard you cheering.
"The Invisible Guest" is a good movie.
Mom, I don't want to go with Grandpa. Leave me here.
He has set up three world records in swimming this year.
I'm the duty nurse of this floor. If you need me, just call me.
Roger, what you say makes sense and I agree with you.
We can't release any details right now.
The stories written by Amy Church are all interesting.
The sheriff established order in the town.
Let's play, little bro!
His method is much more effective than ours.
Three of the bodies had gunshot wounds.
I'm not sure if this is ironic or not.
Their screams filled the air.
This base is now under our control.
That'll cost about three hundred bucks.
Kim's smile is really nice.
My name is Anna.
They say he's got a screw loose.
If a = b and b = c, then a = c.
This is an old unit.
You're sweating like a pig, Oscar.
She got me a tiny toy.
I hope the interview would be of profit.
Kate went to school with an umbrella, but Brian didn't.
I'll call the chef.
Jeff seems to know who she is.
The ship will arrive in San Francisco this evening.
I thought that it was a beautiful funeral service.
Actually we wanted to call our children Oliver and Jerry. However because our second child was a girl they are now called Oliver and Olivia.
I grew up on the same block as George.
I can't shake the feeling that there's someone else in the house with us.
The bank opens at 9 a.m. and closes at 3 p.m.
You ruined my concentration!
I am talking about your lover. It is about him that I am talking.
God bless you all.
I believe men are basically good.
Her real name is Lisa.
You're a tour guide, aren't you?
You have no natural mother tongue. Isn't that a pity?
A DNA test showed she was innocent.
People suck.
Nobody shoulders a rifle in defense of a boarding house.
My goodness! I have lost the car keys.
Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country.
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
The rider is not careful.
The universal library contains every book ever written.
“I like this spot,” said Lucy at length, as if she found the silence embarrassing.
If you have any other issues, please notify me through the form.
It was a bitter disappointment to him when he failed his examination.
They commit most of the crimes in this country.
Comfort I cannot provide for you, for I have it not for myself.
I believe I should come visit you in Hong Kong!
You just can't stand still, huh? What are you, looking for a fight?
A form appeared from over there.
That ain't going to happen.
The first thing you'll usually want to do is check the oil level.
Daddy, may I go out and play?
Alex never laughs at my jokes.
How can we expect men to be gentlemen when women themselves aren't ladies?
My sweet darling, I miss you so much.
Michael Jackson died.
Well, to be frank, I don't like it at all.
David thinks he's so important. He always looks down on the other people in his office.
Did Ken and Joe eat lunch about noon?
I'll drive to Detroit.
Get in touch with your agent right away.
The book belongs to Paul.
I knew Adam wasn't a lieutenant.
Jacob used to be a mama's boy.
Tommy is the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
Ben loves your sister.
Three dancers danced the difficult dance.
The board of directors is going to discuss the proposal next Tuesday.
Our health is our most precious possession.
The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.
Marie panicked – a suspicious guy was following her.
Holy bag of straw!
Congratulations on the birth of your son.
I'm sorry, madam. There must be some mistake.
Christ is believed to have worked many miracles.
Do you remember my brother Henry?
The economy continues to grow.
Which Harry Potter book is your favourite?
I've got a mate who works there.
We bought a grand piano which took up half of our living room.
George came just in the nick of time.
He's an important director.
"Five!" says Alex.
You'll never break my spirit.
She exploded with laughter.
Steve is a man of good character.
Get in the van.
Mommy is not home at the moment.
George is shooting with a machine-gun.
The commander gave orders that his men fire at once.
My brother is interested in what you call pop music.
I was wondering, would you like to go to a movie with me tonight?
How are you, my sweetheart?
This man is full of grace and truth.
Whoever he may be, there's nothing we can do but trust him.
Japan faces the Pacific on the east.
I knew Jacob wasn't a reckless young fellow.
This design shows Chinese influence.
Pardon me, do you speak English?
You can keep this tape until tomorrow.
The inspector didn't believe Dan's story.
Harry waited for the applause to die down before he announced the next song.
Didn't you hear me shouting?
The room charge is $100 a night plus tax.
I was named Robert by my grandfather.
Stop talking bollocks!
Everyone's cheering.
I'm coming from grandpa now, and going to my uncle.
The center of a target is called a "bull's eye."
Oh, here comes Chris.
We don't keep records.
I am a nurse.
Roger worked at any job he could find during the day.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
I'm going to be the new sheriff.
Are you OK, bro?
The battle is ours.
What is a friend? A soul that lives in two bodies.
We heard screams.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
He didn't come back to the base yesterday.
You still owe me twenty bucks.
Kim is two years older than him.
Anna likes chocolate.
When I turned the screw, water burst out.
I had to choose between A and B, but I wanted C.
We are the product of thousands of millions of years of evolution.
He was forced to sign the document.
Who's in command of this unit?
Do not eat pig.
Oscar's house has a tiny kitchen.
I'd like to interview him.
Kate was surprised by Brian's story.
Who's your favorite TV chef?
It seems that Jeff knows who she is.
We sail for San Francisco on Monday.
He did not cry at her funeral.
Jerry is a very honest man. You can always take him at his word.
I can't believe you live right here in Boston only a block from where I live.
The dog can shake hands.
She opens the door.
Our picnic was ruined by insects.
I know that Jacob isn't a cat lover.
God bless everyone here.
It's basically the same thing.
Why didn't you put any garlic in the spaghetti sauce?
Lisa's room needs to be cleaned again.
There were many victims.
I know that Muhammad used to be a tour guide.
It's a pity that I'm late.
William thought the burning car would explode.
The police found foreign DNA at the scene of the crime.
You really suck.
Which branch of the armed forces were you in?
He's playing a tower defense game.
Thank goodness!
Everyone laughed, including Oscar.
How sexy she is!
Dan and Matt continued to fight outside the bus.
This plant doesn't need a lot of light.
Kelly will appear on TV.
To me, this looks sexual.
I heard a horn honking.
Muhammad killed the rat with his cane.
Your actions please the gods.
We know everything about your activity at this location.
Jacob knows that he's really screwed up.
Oliver and Margaret woke up when they heard someone knocking on the door.
"And so I said T.M.I., George. Too much information. I don't want to hear about your gross surgery," said Alice. "I know he is disgusting," said Alice's sister.
I'm trying not to freak out.
Harry heard a loud bang.
Laura is watching television news.
Carl looks very happy.
I call the computer Tim.
Solar energy is a new source of energy.
The king once lived in that palace.
Better to be hit by your mother one hundred times, than to hear one threat from your father.
I think it's a miracle.
Ted and I are taking our girlfriends to the movies now.
We made the necessary moves.
Luke is eating his sandwich.
I know your Christian name.
I want guards posted here and I want them here now.
Just don't disappear.
Jami and his friends plan to rob a bank.
I don't know how to spell his name.
Dear mother, why art thou so sad?
Don't waste your breath with Fred. He'll never change his mind.
If the weather clears up, we'll go for a walk in the forest.
It's cut to the bone.
Emma is an Italian citizen.
Charlie was panting.
George almost never does anything out of the ordinary.
Joe placed fourth and did not win a medal.
Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.
Long live the Emperor!
Today's competition should separate the men from the boys.
California is boring.
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.
This book is worth every penny.
I asked my father what he thought of my new girlfriend. He only had this to say: "Dump her."
The temperature fell below zero last night.
I hope you have a merry Christmas.
Jami is a creature of habit and does pretty much the same thing every day.
Quit chattering.
What is this lipstick trace on your shirt?
There's a lot of nature there: a mountain range, a small river, and a great forest.
Jack is going to freeze to death out there.
My name is Robin.
Some days seem to just drag on and last forever.
Judging from all reports, she seems to be right for the job.
Then happy I that love and am beloved where I may not remove, nor be removed.
We shared happy and important moments.
She moved here from Mexico five years ago.
She met a boy at the county fair.
My vision is getting worse these days.
I'm going to put a curse on you.
Worry often gives a small thing a large shadow.
She's quite gorgeous.
Seek peace and pursue it.
Can I get a route map, please?
The street leading to the hotel is narrow.
My brother is a member of the rescue squad.
No one can see the kingdom of God unless he is born again.
I'd like to make a collect call to Japan.
I just got a beautiful bunch of flowers from one of my clients.
What does this device do?
I feel connected.
The policeman took down the witnesses' names.
So long as men can breathe or eyes can see, so long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
Adam is a very experienced announcer.
It just blows me away.
Are you still a virgin?
Please send this by Federal Express.
I remember hitting her.
Was that guy trying to rape you?
It's a mummy!
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
Cut the red wire.
The earth was thrown into chaos.
Glory to the King of creation.
John caught a tiger and shot two lions.
Joe works for Scotland Yard.
Elizabeth is the Queen of England.
The gas tank is empty.
Despite all his fame, he is not happy.
I've been wanting to see that movie for a long time.
Let's pick up a chick.
Bank services are getting more and more expensive.
Can you tell a duck from a goose?
Your website doesn't say it's out of stock.
The movement of the sun around the earth is an illusion.
James lets Laur walk his dog sometimes.
Dan was introduced to Senator Linda Jones.
Let's slip away quietly.
I am called Sara.
Today the weather is magnificent and the children play in the fields.
He arrived two days previously.
We will travel to Los Angeles by way of Hawaii.
Adam wanted to buy a leather belt.
Anne is the envy of all her friends.
Jacob will remain in custody.
He's a powerful demon.
Today is the fatal day that they will attempt their escape.
The 19th century saw the Industrial Revolution.
I miss talking with Sally.
I use a Mac, I can't open Windows 95 files.
Jack hits me.
You're pushing thirty, aren't you?
I watched a French movie with English subtitles.
Close the damned door!
The delivery was very difficult.
The district attorney wasn't content with a two-year sentence.
Those were his actual words.
Oliver started sobbing.
The party was in full swing when he left.
They're still chasing me.
How do you think your time in the Navy affected you?
There are around thirty species of fish in this river.
Las Vegas was great!
Jacob doesn't struggle like this.
He carefully took off his mask.
The world population reached one billion for the first time in 1804.
Harry has been stopping by every day.
You simply have to call Jean.
Your resume is very impressive.
He gave the barking dog a vicious kick.
Don't be so sensitive.
It looks like it's quarter past ten now.
It's a weapon without bullets.
Kitty cannot read yet.
He washed the dirt off his face.
You have to have a new crown.
Tommy said he felt like he was dreaming.
They had a good reason for firing Oliver.
Play the next episode, please.
The boys were whispering; I knew they were up to something.
She is Betty.
May I ask you a favour?
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching.
Japan is a mighty nation.
I'm rolling in dough.
Did you hear what I was playing, Lane?
It says in the title.
I need to pee.
We ought to send Jordan to the hospital.
The project is massive.
His father was noble.
Grant wanted to cut the supply lines between the two cities.
Put it in a lower gear.
I would rather die than surrender.
Nice place, huh?
We're all creatures of habit.
Jacob wasn't a servant.
Adam was arrested for assault.
"Hey, you were on the trail last week." "Yes! I've come back for more damage!"
They became business partners.
Sorry, dude, but you don't stand a chance. She's way out of your league.
A lot of people were killed by the blast.
The teddy bear is more beautiful.
That's their theme song.
She took me under her wing.
They said they'd been betrayed.
William is a legend.
The general decided to launch an offensive against the enemy camp.
The siren blew.
Greetings to you.
You should only buy such things as you need for your everyday life.
In the U.S., it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them.
Silent Night is a well-known Christmas carol.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Do you have a deck of cards?
Alex thought that the used car salesman was trying to rip him off.
Oliver is a thrill-seeker.
Harry was dumped by his girlfriend.
She was brought up according to the Jewish religion.
They said Mr. Wilson's condition had not changed.
No, daddy.
I don't like the way he laughs.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
What are you doing, darling?
She applied to the chief for a vacation.
His name is Michael.
Do you really want me to be frank?
David is the town manager.
Ken and Joe went to the park to play tennis.
We have the same agent.
I'm your roommate Paul.
Jacob was promoted to first lieutenant on October 20, 2013.
There was no one there besides me.
This is the bell called Big Ben.
Today's ceremony marks the 100th anniversary of our school.
Joe admitted that he was the one who stole Alice's diamond necklace.
A flag is a symbol of the people.
The mountains have brought forth a mouse.
What's your story, bud?
Jami read a Stephen King novel.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
Harry was bored out of his skull.
Carlos went away and came back with the book.
She was his married mistress.
They ran out of fuel in the middle of the Pacific.
James Bond is also known as 007.
Ali is a good person.
He lives like a monk.
Is your name Marcus?
Your prints were on the gun.
All our systems were damaged.
The thieves dug a tunnel and robbed the bank.
Monica went to college because she was smart, but Jami went to college because he was a Division 1 player.
You're not really going to get rid of your classic car, are you?
You do realise that I won't be able to come, don't you?
His nephew lives in America.
It's not blood. It's tomato sauce.
Internet network
Murders are very common in big cities.
Although this city is made of concrete, it's still a jungle.
Is this animal holy?
Congratulations to all!
I'll get you at the school exit.
He spit out his gum.
Stop begging for class notes.
It's as clear as crystal.
A mile is about 1,600 meters.
Who did Batman save?
What is your status?
Edward read the message.
"What brand is your car?" "It's a Ford."
This room measures 20' X 24'.
What tribe are you from?
Christ!
There is a swimming pool and a big sports centre.
It's a pretty amazing script.
Jami's death was confirmed yesterday.
I doubt Oliver will be able to seal the deal.
I swallowed a bug.
We had him under surveillance.
Henry would like to see you.
If they close down this clinic, we will all lose our jobs.
They are facing financial problems.
Jack's testimony continues tomorrow.
Joe is the traitor.
What the heck was that supposed to mean?
Both teams are from Boston.
The ship left the port, never to be seen again.
Don't worry, it is part of my routine.
Have you seen "Harry Potter" movie?
Don't throw stones into the river.
Why do you have to be so dramatic?
Tommy is the principal investigator.
You left us, mate.
She looks so grand.
Living things are made from cells.
Jami knew how to cover his tracks.
Dan had to take off again to repeat the landing.
Can you arrange a meeting with the vice president?
William got to the airport just in the nick of time.
William is a distant relative of Margaret's.
I'll decide how to proceed.
Our solar system is always in motion.
The more I am happy to be content, the more she worries about being anxious.
What's a spaghetti western, Alex?
William is the worst director ever.
I thought it sounded like a good idea.
Were you... raped?
Thus he succeeded in winning her heart.
John made Beth his wife.
Harry is a brave warrior.
My name is Alex.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
The Japanese embassy has warned Japanese citizens to be careful.
Did Mr. Davis come to Japan to teach English?
Jami is being held without bail.
"That's dangerous, I'll clear it up." "It's OK ... Ouch!" "Look, didn't I tell you so?"
Join me in prayer.
Language creates conscience.
Our headquarters are located in Boston.
We're there with you in spirit.
Deep laughter brings tears.
They were heroes.
Jami has a chip on his shoulder.
The pond was frozen hard.
They sought to prove her guilt.
I know that Jack is a lousy dancer.
I have a backup plan in case something goes wrong.
The wind was so strong, we were nearly blown off the road.
Steve will get married to Nancy next week.
Believing in God is not evil in itself.
Europe looks like a paradise now.
She told me to get out of her van.
I want my mommy.
Tradition, as such, should be respected.
Oh, look, a shooting star!
We've been cleared for departure.
It's one of the basic human instincts.
It'll be difficult to replace Jami.
They climbed to the top of a cliff.
What's your favorite comic strip?
They went underground for a while.
Joe heard footsteps behind him.
Diamonds are not cheap.
I feel I'm growing out of pop music.
Adam said that he was wondering whether Mary had to do that or not.
Please play it back for me after you've finished the recording.
You're my pretty sweetheart.
Finish digging the grave.
Say grace before a meal.
Whoever doesn't smoke or drink will live until death.
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.
He is returning to this city.
Souls don't exist.
Please leave a message after the beep.
No, he doesn't have a motive.
Thanks for dropping by.
Oliver was thinking of moving east.
He's a reckless young fellow.
The dog marked its territory.
The timing couldn't be better.
Be careful not to swallow the pit.
I'll let you know if William shows up early.
She's my guardian angel.
The suspect had to lay all his personal effects on the table.
Pardon me!
Run for the hills!
Please bring back the tape tomorrow.
Language is the symbol of a nation's existence.
We will be visited by a health inspector tomorrow afternoon.
I'm interested in ancient cities throughout the world.
There was applause.
Dan came inside and started shouting.
We're a tight crew.
A dog is a loyal animal.
What do I do in the meantime?
Oscar is testing me.
3 plus 5 is 8.
I was officially freaking out.
I can't resist the urge to eat raw meat.
Did you see what Robert did?
Oscar got off with a slap on the wrist.
Ann seems to be ill.
Oscar was asleep when Anna rang the doorbell.
She's the girl whose performance won an Oscar.
Everybody started cheering.
I didn't have time to think. I had to make a judgment call.
Heavens! This is the last time I take care of your dog.
Jacob has been accused of a double homicide.
How many patrol cars do you see?
I saw grandpa two or three times a week.
His brave deed earned him respect.
The target is in sight.
I'd prefer a plain frame on these glasses.
Chris, you're completely wet!
Our records show that you haven't paid yet.
Most letters from his wife were read to him by the nurse in the hospital.
Adam hates rats.
Many believe that the world is getting more just, but perhaps it's merely getting less toxic.
The eagle flies through the sky.
The truth is, Ellen liked you a whole lot.
He lives in a world of fantasy.
I wish all language lovers a Happy and Sweet Year 5773!
I need your signature here.
Joe has no intention of marrying Catherine.
Roger!
If you will it - it is no fairy tale.
They elected him chairman.
It's very unlikely that we will release a new album before next winter.
She felt a sigh of relief when the work was done.
Yesterday my wife and I went to the theatre.
This is standard procedure.
Joe and Alice are good friends of ours.
Though we have the bodies of men, we are not men at all, though it is not easy for you to understand why.
The news had a great impact on us.
No offense, Muhammad, but you're not ready for this.
A neighbor heard Oliver's screams.
A new kind of bullet had been invented.
It's always good to have a first-aid kit in the car.
Have you seen "The Dark Knight" movie?
There is a military base near here.
George owes Valentina thirty bucks.
Kim is living with Ken.
He said that he wasn't a terrorist.
On the wall there was a big picture of Sir Anthony at the piano.
Nobody sings better in the shower than Anna!
How did they know how to make the bombs?
The school's gates open at 8 o'clock.
There was an awkward silence when he appeared.
I'll monitor your progress from my computer.
This screw is made in China.
Yo-yos can spin really fast.
Joe likes "B" movies.
She was on the point of laughing at the clown's actions.
I love the sound of church bells.
They were forced to withdraw.
It is said that the castle dates back to the 11th century.
Muhammad is being treated at a burn unit.
You're a lying pig.
Jacob is keeping a low profile.
A tiny bird became Oliver's best friend.
He's a total moron.
The social problems facing them seem too enormous to deal with.
I had a job interview yesterday afternoon.
Who's in charge of the sales section?
We rejected Muhammad's suggestion as too extreme.
You both chop wood every day, don't you?
We've had no word from Brian yet.
Alex is the head chef at a restaurant on Park Street.
Alex is friends with Jeff.
What time is it now in San Francisco?
Nothing beats the pleasure of mutual understanding when using a foreign language.
It is technically possible.
Don't pat me on the head like I'm still a child!
From June to September, we work harder.
It is traditional to wear black to a funeral.
Stretch the dough with your hands.
Their romance was the talk of the town.
I ate some potato chips.
Now the sons of Jacob were twelve.
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.
This is one of Boston's most respected construction companies.
That would shake things up.
He opens the door.
We're spinning our wheels.
They drink coke.
There is acid in lemon.
You ruined it.
Two years after this event Caroline became his wife.
I promised Matthew I'd be home early.
Rita is Dan's daughter-in-law.
Will you answer these questions in a closed session?
Did you see the new commercial?
He's an opera lover.
Alex fights constantly with his parents.
He's a quick walker.
Do you hear that buzzing?
I didn't sneak out.
I'm going to the liquor store.
God bless you.
I hear we're having a fire drill today.
I do basically the same thing as Muhammad and Anna do.
Do you have a sister, Juan?
Is this man threatening you?
It's right up your alley.
The war brought about death and destruction in the city.
Adam has finally gotten rid of all the junk in his attic.
It's really not rocket science.
Charlie is a great fighter.
Try kicking it.
Your assistant told me to wait here.
Let's shell the nut.
Individual liberty is the essence of democracy.
Hello, Lisa!
I don't think that I've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me.
It's my business to investigate such things.
My thoughts are with the families of the victims.
Charlie and his friends built a snow fort.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
Tommy looked like something the cat dragged in after his long night at the pub.
I cannot allow my emotions to interfere with my actions.
Adam drives a bus and Mary is a tour guide.
The team was divided into smaller groups.
It would be a pity if the devil would take you away.
They're both artists.
Grass tastes bitter.
George didn't think the burning car would explode.
A DNA test showed he was innocent.
I was surprised that Harry was among the suspects in the murder.
The scale seems to be off by two pounds.
Oliver retired to Florida.
He has no moral values.
You suck.
The road went deeper and deeper in the desert.
I live in Miami.
James wanted to be a criminal defense lawyer.
My goodness, how embarrassing.
I'm just going to go powder my nose.
I like everybody here, including William.
This question is like asking a parent which child they love more.
He is not the sort of man who counts on others for help.
Huh? Where'd I put the keys?
Adam doesn't have an alibi.
You knew Muhammad didn't plan on joining the team, didn't you?
Put your books in your locker.
Where did Queen Victoria get married?
I want to give it to Aaron.
He always speaks at random.
How often do you change your razor blade?
Two Indians were killed.
I think Charlie is intense.
I'll make this very brief.
I don't eat the apple core.
Joan became a great actress in spite of having had a difficult childhood.
Does everyone in Sweden have blonde hair and blue eyes?
I'm guessing it's yours.
There are a few forms to fill out.
Learning poetry is a good discipline for the memory.
I don't know how she puts up with the noise of a jet plane.
A new serial will begin in next month's issue.
Those who are terrorists for some, are resistance for others.
Alex works with power tools.
He ate a burger with goat cheese.
I ain't got no kids yet.
They were separated into two groups.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams adopted a child whose parents were dead.
Jack could've turned pro if he hadn't been injured.
Emma comes from the upper middle-class.
Caesar had no mobile phone.
What are ye doing?
It may cost me votes.
Jami is our new colleague.
She sends us e-mails.
What kind of dressing do you want?
Emma gets all her jewelry from warehouse stores.
Alex ate two plates of spaghetti.
To maintain a friendship, there must be mutual affection.
Jacob was taken hostage.
In addition, there have been changes in husband-wife relationships.
When will we get to Sydney?
Oliver has recorded as a solo artist.
I'd like a bottle of soda.
Don't rub it in.
These images of dead soldiers are not shown back home.
Jacob works on commission.
Jacob tried to hide by covering his eyes.
Jack was the first one to recognize Emma's musical talent.
Julia constantly checks her phone.
Daddy, let's see if you can out-stare me.
Would you mind sharing your table, sir?
Superman can fly.
Will these wounds heal?
Alex found Alice's diary, but only the last three pages remained.
Please call me Philip.
Jack laughs a lot.
If this is madness, there is method in it.
Thanks to the development of aircraft, the world has become much smaller.
Pull as hard as you can when I tell you.
Alexander, a friend of mine, speaks Spanish.
The workers were furious that management had kept them in the dark about proposed job cuts.
We still have an old tube television.
Ladies before gentlemen.
What kind of food should I be feeding my dog?
This deposit bears three percent interest.
I'm going to my quarters.
Where are you, darling?
When I'm stressed, I squeeze the ball.
She deliberately exposed him to danger.
French is no longer as relevant in the modern world as it used to be a few centuries ago.
Muhammad usually keeps his phone in manner mode.
You must be freezing.
I wish they were telling the truth; I too should have a share in that blessing.
Shane gets insulted.
Marco might well burst into tears to meet his mother again.
His leg was in critical condition, but fortunately it got better.
I'll give him a buzz.
Who are the judges?
Life experience is the chief body of knowledge.
It'll get better brick by brick.
Would you like to smell a rare and deadly fart?
Michael hasn't checked the doors yet.
This car is a pile of rubbish.
He can speak both Japanese and English with facility.
A new means of communication was developed — the railway.
Business leaders blamed it on Roosevelt.
The foundation have decided to restore that lovely old house.
Be frank with me!
Are there dangerous areas?
Sea levels around the world are rising.
Jami is banging at Emma's door.
David has so many friends that he can't remember all their names.
Where did Joe go?
She was walking carefully in order not to slide.
He made the plan along with his colleagues.
My dish-washing duties are a heavy burden.
On entering the barn, he found a missing bike.
These two actors are a couple in real life.
How are payment methods different?
Creating is harder than destroying.
I heard him humming in the shower.
Where is the closet travel agent?
I'm sorry but Paul called in sick and I'm going to need you to work his shift.
He is a lieutenant.
Besides, I didn't want to get you involved.
Is that boy Jami or Ben?
Poverty sometimes drives people to commit crimes.
I've been to Hong Kong once.
He has very regular features.
There was absolute silence.
It's a slow day, huh.
You ain't gonna cut it.
James looked incredibly sexy.
The guide led us to the hotel.
Dan hoped that Linda could tell him something about what happened to Matt.
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.
I have a giant's strength to win your favor; but to lose you, none.
What kind of plant is it?
Kelly, watch the stars!
Why did you switch off the light?
Should Israel continue to build walls between it and the rest of the world?
There's nothing sexual about it.
She's out front honking her horn.
It was a wild goose chase.
I need to buy some rat poison.
This room's location is great.
In addition to his regular job, he has a lot of other activities.
You screwed up, now don't blame me!
Jacob and Monica woke up when they heard somebody knocking on the door.
Have you noticed the disgusting towel in the bathroom?
Holy Week is the week just before Easter.
Congratulations to you both.
Don't call him a freak.
William denied the charges.
Hey you guys, bang your glasses and let us cheer!
When is Daddy coming home?
Is this gift Laura's?
For Christ's sake, stop it!
Carl cannot have been a model student.
He who laughs last laughs best.
"You are Israel's teacher," said Jesus.
Tim is now professor of Italian literature at the University of Florence.
Henry is at home.
Where is the Palace of Fine Arts?
The engine will not pull.
What he said was nothing less than a threat.
Miracle of miracles, none of the passengers were hurt.
I hope Charlie continues to do so.
Joe gave a TED talk.
He went through several rooms full of gentlemen and ladies, some standing and others sitting, but all were asleep.
Oscar moves quickly.
Luke, I am your cousin.
James and Lucy are both Harry Potter fans.
I am a Christian.
Where is the mate to this sock?
Let's dance, darling!
I think that buying a grand piano would be a waste of money.
Let's jump the protection circuit.
The guards searched George's cell.
I could disappear at any time.
James told Alice he was planning to rob a bank.
How do you spell that?
I'm the chief.
"Whose documents are these?" "They are Michael's."
Art thou being serious?
Before she retired, she worked as a secretary to a director of a research school at a university.
Loud music always makes Fred hit the roof.
She always clears the table after a meal.
They gave a bone to their dog.
I'm Alex. We met last week at the hotel.
My father is frank.
David ate a lot of things.
Joe was pleased at the thought of going to New York.
The dog is panting.
In this flat lives an evil spirit.
The room filled with laughter.
I had to go therefore to all those who appeared to have some knowledge.
Oscar and Emma mostly talked about their trips.
Once you get used to electronic media, you can no longer do without them.
I'm deeply sorry for my actions.
All of Steve's jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
He was kindness itself to them.
He's just an ordinary office worker.
He told me to get out of his van.
Don't upset mommy.
There is a toilet on the fourth floor, too.
They're shooting at us.
Let thy understanding enter into the things that are doing and the things which do them.
Is there a way to kill the dragon?
My father is from South Africa. He is South African.
Kisses are not a sin.
The Emperor's Birthday fell on Sunday.
He wants to separate from his wife.
I know George isn't a real estate agent anymore.
Your wife comes from California.
Jack robbed me of every penny I had.
I'd like a pop.
I have to take a dump.
I was wondering if you've had a chance to look at the schedule yet.
Don't be foolish, sweetheart.
The temperature is below zero today.
Harry and his family say grace before every meal.
Hi, Paul. Busy as usual?
Merry Christmas, everybody!
Give it to whoever wants it.
We're flying over the Pacific.
William is a lieutenant.
Avoid direct sunlight and store at room temperature.
Without water, no creature could live.
There is a trace on the table.
It's time for George to make a new friend besides Lucy.
Don't you have something that isn't out of my price range?
Don't cross your eyes or they'll freeze that way.
Who is Robin Hood?
We're going east.
Don't be such a drag.
I know Jacob is a reckless young fellow.
George usually shows up on time.
George's guardian angel must have been watching over him.
Pardon my French.
I will send you a tape of my voice.
There have been no reports of injuries.
The inspector arrived at the school late on Monday morning.
Let's give James another round of applause.
And then James started shouting and told everyone to go home.
We were a tight crew.
Five plus two makes seven.
It was his fate to be beloved by no one.
I love such moments.
Before going to Mexico, I studied Spanish.
The county administration works slowly.
There's been quite a series of accidents lately.
Jack once gave a helping hand to Robert, who was in trouble; and now Robert, in turn, is of great help to Jack.
Her glasses let her see with twenty-twenty vision.
I found out that all this tragedy is the work of a wicked curse.
It's a shadow.
You look really gorgeous.
Oliver was cheering.
I seek my own truth.
Can I change the route?
They knew the names of every leading actor and actress.
Lincoln said troops were needed.
Have you called in the bomb squad?
She lives in the United Kingdom.
I love being called Grandpa.
Which is your target?
I collect every bit of information about food.
A child was washed away by the wave!
Chris is very anxious to go to college.
You keep records, don't you?
That nurse is very kind and polite.
They're our clients.
This device made it possible to turn sea-water into fresh water easily.
Has your phone connected?
We have witnesses.
There will I give thee my love.
The announcer spoke English.
A wind from the ocean blows at this time of the year.
Alex is still a virgin.
Germany is a federal state.
James began hitting me for no reason.
I am happy to notify you that I have fully recovered.
Did they rape you?
Roger.
Look Mummy, I can read!
Let me know by wire.
Do we have anything else that needs to be thrown away?
Don't release that prisoner.
I have a guest.
The things in which you glory you must not consider a crime in others!
I have not seen anything of Elizabeth lately.
I have a fish tank.
Their lifestyle is different to ours.
Their bodies were never found.
Courage is not the absence of fear but the ability to move forward despite the fear.
William said that Catherine has been wanting to do that for a long time.
Oscar heard Margaret's screams.
Oscar didn't agree with Marie.
Doctors removed the bullet.
You're not going to get to first base if you do it that way.
I told him his services were no longer required.
I feel like a million bucks.
I know how to tell a duck from a goose.
Your website says you have two of them in stock.
Mental illness can affect anyone.
Kim arrived back home safely.
Oliver never lets me do what I want to do.
I remember when Anna told me she fell in love.
Jami wrote a message on a slip of paper.
Team A lost the game against team B.
The suspect was not previously known to police.
The dog has destroyed thousands of dollars of furniture.
One of the eagle's wings was broken.
Brown and his friends were forced to flee.
That is a leather belt.
Are there many women in your work unit?
The pig is growing fat.
Today's investigation technology could get information out of a tiny hair.
His next production was a very ambitious musical.
Both of my brothers are in custody.
A terrible demon lives in the forest.
He gave up the attempt in despair.
The Industrial Revolution took place first in England.
I've got my college interview tomorrow. Hopefully I'll pass.
"Do you know Brian?" "Yes, I know him well." "Really? Since when do you know him?" "I've known him for six years."
Everyone opposed it, but Sally and Bob got married all the same.
Adam ate mac and cheese.
You're a good chef.
The cat settled down in the sunlight by the window.
The diet "wall" that everybody hits.
We're still pushing ahead.
San Francisco is a city of great beauty.
Jacob isn't sure he's ready to perform on stage.
I watched a movie in French with English subtitles.
Damned!
I have a delivery for you.
He lives in a poor district of London.
The actual price was lower than I had thought.
Muhammad could hear Catherine sobbing in the next room.
The funeral is tomorrow.
You must request the latest version of the software.
The party is in full swing.
When I bought this house, it was the largest house on the block.
Our house started to shake.
He always opens the window when he goes to sleep.
They're all chasing him.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large one.
James isn't really going to join the navy, is he?
Half the species are woman.
Jami went to Las Vegas.
Jami and Olivia struggle to pay their bills.
She carefully took off her mask.
You ruined my life.
Thanks a lot for stopping by.
You only have to call Jean.
Your resume is impressive.
Personality is what makes individuals unique.
I heard my dog barking, so I opened the curtains and looked outside.
Tommy is an opera lover.
When the Earth was formed about 4.6 billion years ago, days were about 6 hours long.
I am thinking of going to Los Angeles.
Jack doesn't want to become a priest.
Harry was sensitive.
I ate a quarter of the cake.
We're out of bullets.
Kitty is 12 years old and she still cannot read.
Please bless this moment.
I'm basically a nobody.
I wiped the dirt off my pants.
A cup of coffee costs one crown.
Oliver was dreaming.
What do you say we ditch this joint?
The boss is thinking of firing an employee.
My sister works as an assistant to a college professor.
What is the best episode?
I heard my parents whispering last night.
It took a long time for the children to find Lisa.
Betty came last.
When in doubt, in favour of the accused.
In all the excitement the 30 minute show-time passed in a flash.
That was a mighty fine thing for him to do.
I know some of Jack's victims.
How long have you been working as a tour guide?
Adam is rolling in dough.
It's a pity that I don't understand French better.
Tuesday evening we all panicked.
Stay in your lane.
Everything you knew about DNA is not going to help you through this course.
I don't know the title of this song … what is it?
I'm about to pee.
You can't teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
"Weren't you there?" asked Mr Jordan.
The Sun is over 300,000 times more massive than the Earth.
She is a woman of noble birth.
He had the kindness to supply me with my school expenses.
The mayor's daughter has been kidnapped.
Our football team has a good defense.
He had the goodness to come all the way to see me.
But in the last fifty years the temperature increased one and a half degrees.
I've worked with many people over the last few years, including several graduate students.
Alex put the car into gear and slowly pulled out of the parking lot.
I surrender.
We are emotional creatures.
Where might is master, justice is servant.
How many bars of soap did you buy?
Adam has been charged with assault.
Boys trail girls in language skills.
The two brothers were partners.
You're not in his league.
I'm having a blast.
My little brother always sleeps with his teddy bear.
The American Civil War is the main theme of the book.
Don't worry about giving a speech at the wedding; you can just wing it when you get there.
James showed no reaction to the verdict.
Harry and Carmen said that they'd been betrayed.
You are a living legend.
I'm looking forward to the launch.
I think I hear a siren.
Greetings!
Tell me about your everyday life.
The hotel was designed by a Japanese architect.
Torture is against the law.
Carol has been studying Spanish for three years.
Can you tell what deck we're on?
I'll rip your head off!
Oliver crashed Jami and Monica's car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
Oliver dumped Margaret for a younger woman.
She's a Jewish American.
Mr Wilson is proud of his house.
You couldn't sleep either, huh?
It ain't over till it's over.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
She was her daddy's little girl.
Adam hardly ever laughs.
It is well known that Jesus loved guns and hated the poor.
Pull yourself together!
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm very happy to be here.
"Will you do that for me, James?" "With pleasure, my darling!"
What were the chief events of last year?
Michael doesn't very often play.
I'm usually quite frank.
David's sick, right?
He can't work properly until he's had his cup of joe.
James became a real estate agent.
I'm Paul, your roommate.
Is anyone coming besides your friends?
Have you read the Holy Bible?
Congratulations on your success.
Christ was born in 4BC.
"I thought you had been dead this thirty years, Henry," said she, in a shaking voice.
The road continues for many miles.
You look like Harry Potter.
Excuse me, sorry mate, you haven't got the time have you?
I had a grand opening for the hospital last month.
The director is away on a trip.
It was a fake diamond necklace.
I visited a museum with Alex.
Is there a spirit here with a message for someone at this table?
She burst into laughter.
Did you sleep well last night, Steve?
He was kindness itself.
Get back in the van.
Where is your mommy?
The picture will finish shooting in three days.
Who wrote that pop song?
I was up for hours last night thinking about wondering what I should do.
Jami was Susie's high school sweetheart.
Father took his place at the head of the table and began to say grace.
Whoever thought of this stupid plan should be fired.
I will be flying over the Pacific about this time tomorrow.
I'm from the East Coast.
I know that Jacob isn't a reckless young fellow.
James likes watching late night TV shows.
James's guardian angel must have been watching out for him.
He asked my pardon.
This tape doesn't stick.
Adam thinks that Julia was murdered.
The health inspector's coming.
James certainly deserves a round of applause.
Hearing the shouting, don't you want to go there to save her?
Down under the sea went the ship with all her crew.
George and Carmen tried to comfort their mothers.
What is two plus two?
He was named Robert after his father.
The puppy is cheering me up.
Happy birthday, Grandpa.
Eventually, he hit the target.
A flag is a symbol of the nation.
Chris is very attractive and wealthy, but not very modest.
We made a check of the student' records.
The nurse gave him a flu shot.
We can't release the prisoners today.
Be my guest!
The day is ours.
Jacob discovered two dead bodies in his basement.
Say ... I can hear screams coming from the women's bath.
Is that a bullet hole?
James stole a base.
He borrowed one hundred bucks from me.
Kim is two years older than he is.
Anna, where will your father be at this time tomorrow?
I think that Tommy would've been here today if he'd known Emma was going to b here.
Thousands are feared dead or missing.
Adam was treated at a burn unit.
Don't eat pig.
Alex ate everything except this tiny bit of cheese.
Jacob called for an interview.
Brian left heading for New York.
I know Charlie is a good chef.
Welcome to San Francisco.
The 21st century is going to be based on economic power.
The reason that Oliver isn't here is because he had to go to Australia for a funeral.
They live in our block.
Sometimes my hands shake.
He hardly ever opens a book.
I didn't commit the crimes I've been accused of.
I ruined my clothing.
What's the difference between a friend and a lover?
Adam wants to become a priest.
God bless this country.
That's basically right.
I'm in Hong Kong right now.
Harry was Catherine's assistant last year.
It seemed that Lisa was at a loss.
How many victims were there?
William, who speaks French and English, works as a tour guide.
They won the silver medal.
It's a pity that James didn't agree to do that.
He was burning the candle at both ends.
A DNA test proved her innocence.
Suck me!
That's no defense.
M-my goodness!? Cover-up! Cover yourself up!
I read several books last week, including yours.
Another run for the money, huh?
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Do you have Bud Light?
Stephen travels more than his boss.
All at once it began to rain heavily.
Different people have various skull shape
Carlos turned round.
Dan killed his wife, Linda, to marry his mistress.
Who's your favorite James Bond?
I am a monk.
Jami has done what generations of scientists had not managed to do.
Since when has Marcus been living here?
Hear, O Israel! The Lord is our God, the Lord is one.
I want a roll of color film for prints.
Jacob drove through the narrow tunnel at high speed.
He works at the steel mill.
This work will only be done well if there's division of labor.
It's a classic "he said, she said."
Now I realise why she was angry with me.
Tommy is waiting to pick up his nephew.
Alex has a strong network of friends.
Find Harry before he murders someone.
Once known as a concrete jungle, the city has changed its look.
Please exit on the right side of the train.
They spit out their gum.
He lives by begging.
I don't have a crystal ball.
A mile is equal to about 1600 meters.
George dressed up as Batman.
Obviously, they are jealous of his wealth and status.
Edward read the text.
The shop only had 2XL shirts in their own brand.
Who's your daddy?
X marks the spot.
There's a splendid park in the centre of the town.
She went off script.
I have a confirmed reservation.
I think that we're ready to seal the deal.
That's not a bug. It's a feature.
I don't like how he laughs.
And Jesus said: "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do."
We had them under surveillance.
Why didn't you tell me that at the clinic?
Charlie couldn't bring himself to pull the trigger.
It's Jack who's the traitor.
What the heck is that supposed to mean?
Real Madrid is one of the most famous soccer teams in Spain and in the world.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't leave port.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen!
Could you fetch the newspaper for me?
My routine is to read the newspaper before breakfast.
They are trees that bear fruit, those who suffer from being hit with stones.
That was far too dramatic.
The principal came in after the teacher.
Where are you, my darling?
Seed the fields with wheat.
Coal is a dying industry.
They stopped in their tracks.
We'll be landing soon.
It's not a vice.
About distant relatives, one can complain to their heart's content.
Let's proceed.
The bus was already in motion when he tried to board it.
In addition to my other worries, this has to happen.
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
What's your favorite Michael Jackson music video?
Can you eat a spaghetti western?
Jami sounded upset.
Are you telling me that he raped you?
Thus they decided that I was innocent.
Whenever Beth's parents have guests, she wants to join their adult talk.
Please! Please don't skip class.
He was a brave warrior who had spent most of his life fighting his enemies.
We cannot allow this state of affairs to go on any longer.
They're celebrating their wedding anniversary.
James is frank, isn't he?
In a democracy, all citizens have equal rights.
Dan served only two weeks in jail before his family came up with bail money.
I want to join Joe's group.
Ouch! I bit my tongue.
The smaller basket holds less than the large one.
Oscar's prayer was answered.
Harry has been taken to police headquarters.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
You must succeed where the greatest of heroes has failed.
Olivia ate the chocolate chip cookies that Muhammad made for her.
The small town, abandoned long ago, seems frozen in time.
There is no room for doubt about his guilt.
We had a lousy start.
Do you have a backup?
I had my hat blown off.
I had the paradise in my heart.
They weren't able to pass on that tradition unto the next generation.
They cleared the streets of snow.
I love the idea of basic income.
Don't you think we can find someone to replace Oliver?
Jack was afraid to stand on the edge of the cliff.
If you fall into the water, you should strip off all wet clothes.
You look like some kind of secret agent or something!
His house is near the underground station.
He followed in his father's footsteps.
He never told her where he hid the diamonds.
Let's make a recording.
A stranger living nearby is better than a relative living far away.
We're still digging.
Paul, we can borrow up to 8 books.
It's just like a human. Even the hands of the robot are warm.
James is returning from Australia tomorrow.
There are some lucky souls in the universe.
Do you speak any other language besides English?
Leave your message after the beep.
There was no motive.
I hope you don't mind us dropping in.
They controlled a fifth part of the territory.
Good timing. I'll get you to test drive the new model.
I dug a pit.
Why do these pills always have to have side effects?
The town is surrounded by hills.
Angels watch from above as men fight amongst themselves.
Muhammad and Alice are criminals.
When did Democracy come into existence?
I think James is loyal.
In the meantime you can just put on a sweater if you're cold.
You're testing my patience!
I'm officially freaking out now.
You should try to resist the urge to do that.
This sentence is nothing more than a slap on the wrist.
Ann does not lack for friends.
They were getting ready to go to bed when I rang their doorbell at 11pm.
And the Oscar goes to Alex!
I'm not used to having people question my judgment.
There are no classes in August.
The moon is in the heavens.
Alex is a homicide detective.
The police told William to sit in the back of the patrol car.
What're you going to do about these rats?
A swallow flies over the roof.
Were you younger than Ellen?
Science is not fantasy.
Do you have lovers?
I need Muhammad's signature.
You're not marrying Oscar?
Our little girl can't fall asleep without a fairy tale.
They appointed him chairman.
I bought a leather frame for the picture.
She gave out a sigh of relief.
I go to the theatre.
How's that going to impact me now?
He took offense at his daughter's behavior.
Susie put the first aid kit back where she found it.
A knight without a lady was like a tree without leaves.
I'm not a terrorist.
That's right. He's Anthony.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
The gates are now closing.
My grandmother has grey hair.
The monitor's stopped working.
I'm so busy it makes my head spin.
That clown is frightening.
He was born within the sound of the Bow bells.
This temple dates from the 7th century.
Jami looked nothing like his profile picture.
Jacob called Margaret a moron.
Muhammad ripped you off.
He uses extreme care when he drives in the rain.
We chop wood every day.
My heart beats fast.
This is technically impossible.
He made an important scientific discovery.
Jacob gave Alice a friendly pat on the back.
The dough broke up when Tommy tried to stretch it.
Adam didn't want to risk his friendship with Anna by trying to turn it into a romance.
If I start eating potato chips, I can't stop.
And when Joseph was born, Jacob said to his father-in-law: Send me away, that I may return into my country, and to my land.
Curiosity has landed on Mars.
Shares of these companies were sold to the public.
We've been spinning our wheels for hours.
I prefer coke to coffee.
Do you take your tea with lemon or with milk?
Why—why—Matthew, is that for me? Oh, Matthew!
Were you in Rita's house?
How did the photo session go?
Adam is a commercial pilot.
Monica is a fast walker, isn't she?
This buzzing has to be for a reason!
Oliver tried to sneak out.
Where is all the liquor?
This isn't a drill.
Juan loves music.
You aren't threatening to kill me, are you?
We're in a blind alley.
Why this destruction?
Starting today, only healthy food. No more junk food for me!
Oscar is a rocket scientist.
Oliver said that he wants to be a fire fighter.
The baby was kicking and screaming.
Great! Is the apartment bought as a concrete shell, or is it ready to move into?
William's parents have decided to punish William for staying out all night.
That institution must be protected.
Let's investigate.
The old fort is at the top of the hill.
I let them capture me.
Alex dragged Monica's body away.
We cannot allow our emotions to interfere with our actions.
She's better in smaller groups.
There were two famous artists at the hotel.
Harry and Anna are the main suspects.
He is doing business on a large scale.
I have never been to Florida.
Dig deeper.
You have to take this powder after each meal.
My parent's won't allow me to do that.
It's the thought that counts.
Dan had a perfect alibi.
Won't Joe be joining us?
Jack cleaned out his locker.
Sarah's going to give it to Aaron.
He seemed to read at random.
The blade of my knife is very sharp.
He was living with the Indians.
She's an intense woman.
Let's make this brief.
That organization is corrupt to the core.
Did you and Joan have a blow up?
William thought Laur wasn't a natural blonde.
You're just guessing.
Adam has to fill out these forms.
All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling.
The jet landed at Tokyo.
Dan was a serial killer on the loose.
They crushed all resistance.
Better tools make good work.
It would blow the horns off a goat.
Our teacher separated us into two groups.
A Mr. Williams came to see you yesterday.
Pro baseball is interesting these days.
My upper left back tooth hurts.
Did Caesar have a dog?
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
I'm sexy and I know it!
Dan and Matt had been best friends for years.
Joe likes giant robots.
Plant a tree.
Kelly eats like a horse.
They say whatever will get them the most votes.
My colleague and I do the same job, but he was promised a promotion in a very short while.
You don't want to switch places with me?
I made a royal mess of that exam.
He sends us to the factory.
I bought all sorts of sexual toys for my honeymoon.
The actress is in her dressing room.
Was he in the special forces?
There's a lot of dangerous stuff in this warehouse.
They pushed away their plates.
He's out front honking his horn.
The tree bore golden apples.
This cat doesn't chase mice.
I'm beginning to smell a rat.
I maintain that I'm not at fault.
We have a hostage situation.
Sydney has a beautiful natural harbor.
This is the central location for discussing issues and asking for help.
Possession is nine points of the law.
Adam screwed up big-time.
Adam has also recorded as a solo artist.
Joe came into the room without knocking on the door.
I have absolutely no musical talent.
Joe told me that he thought Mary was disgusting.
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.
Do you want a glass of soda?
The elder gods are waking up.
James sat next to her and began to rub her back.
These images are beautiful.
I'm picking up a tomato.
My bicycle has gone out of commission.
Now don't freak out, OK?
Charlie's covering something with his right hand.
Jack didn't press charges.
The door closed with a bang.
He constantly checks his phone.
She plans to appeal her conviction.
Laura pretended to get closer, only to turn around and run away at the last minute.
George, with whom I was sharing the apartment, moved out last month.
Jack was wearing a Superman costume.
It's going to heal.
William read a few pages in Catherine's diary.
Alex is magnificent.
The physical world is a complex web of events, and nothing happens for only one reason..
It was an enormous increase.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
Tim writes left-handed.
The development of a new business idea is no doubt the ideal that everybody wishes for.
That boy is a constant source of worry to his mother.
Visitors to the palace can still see this tennis court today.
How many years did Alexander rule?
It's a threat.
Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?
Which university do you think Ted will go to?
Every seat in this tube is taken.
Is there any problem with feeding my dog ice cream?
I think Tommy is putting the moves on you.
The truth bears hatred.
Watch out! This monkey is vicious.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
James is beating a drum.
Why don't you return to your quarters?
Can you squeeze me in?
He exposed corruption in the city government.
The roots connect the tree to the ground.
The protection circuit is built into the system.
The poet died young, but his works survived for centuries.
Oscar switched his phone to manner mode before he walked into Susie's office.
In Boston, it'll be sunny and just above freezing.
Give me your blessing.
Shane was just looking out for a brother.
No Entry!
One of the guards is dead.
The one with the book is Marco.
Oliver watched Catherine disappear into the darkness.
James and his friends planned to rob a bank.
When was the last time you had a dizzy spell?
Our country needs to learn how to compete in the new global economy.
Buzz off.
I've always said Tommy and Anna are excellent judges of character.
This bus is capable of carrying 45 persons.
He just won't listen. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
The result can be deadly.
We be of one blood, thou and I.
I haven't had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
This is a great facility.
I met with a cool, not to say hostile, reception.
Hopefully that clears things up.
Carmen gave her dog a bone.
Your new hat is elegant, Diana, and so becoming.
The prime means of communication for cats is body language.
The ice-cream will melt, so I put it in the fridge.
Some characters actually existed.
They are my leaders.
Respect is the foundation of life.
The green areas are the real lungs of the city.
The water levels in these glasses are the same.
Jack continued banging on the door.
You can let it slide with a "oh?" or you can take it seriously.
I would like to express our thanks on behalf of my colleagues.
He planted himself full in the middle of the apartment, opposite to the table at which Lucy was seated.
Muhammad will up sticks at his aunt's house; he thinks he may be a burden to her.
I was panting.
Upon entering the room, he noticed that a candle burned on the desk. He remembered that the candle had not been there before.
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world.
Can I buy it on easy payment?
I am interested in creating my own website.
Lucy started humming to herself.
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.
I am just an ordinary girl.
Land covers about 30 percent of the surface of the earth.
And the evening and morning were the fourth day.
Honey and milk are under thy tongue.
The dragon cannot be killed.
In Africa there are many lions.
To feel envy is a sin.
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.
Farmers separate good apples from bad ones.
What is it like in California?
Jami has won three races in a row.
He doesn't even have a penny in his pocket.
Dump everything here.
I have zero knowledge of English.
Merry Spring Festival!
Keep in a place out of direct sunlight.
How much would you be willing to sacrifice for the love of your life?
I am God's creature and of Him I am part.
Don't leave a trace.
Prices range from one to five dollars.
My ears are going to freeze if I don't go in.
By the way, are you called Robin as well?
The children will be a drag on me, so I want to go without them.
Have they received any reports of lives lost in the earthquake?
His wife died leaving behind their two beloved children.
"Where's Jack?" "I don't know. He was here just a few moments ago."
Detective Dan Anderson returned to Linda's house armed with a search warrant.
According to the newspaper there was an earthquake in Mexico.
Tommy has been in the county jail.
They lost that series.
There is a lack of long-term vision for Europe.
The coffee has got to be as hot as a girl's kiss on the first date, as sweet as those nights in her arms, and as dark as the curse of her mother when she finds out.
You're not wearing enough eye shadow.
She is wearing gorgeous silk clothes.
Children seek approval from their parents.
George lived just off Route 19.
The blind leading the blind.
Japanese officials said more than 73,000 emergency workers and troops were involved in search and rescue efforts.
In all of human history, there has never been a kingdom that couldn't fall.
My hobby is to collect old toys.
The wave broke her nose.
I don't think this chain will stand the strain.
Having a telephone helped her find more clients.
The police hid a listening device in the criminal's car.
Try to stay connected.
There are no witnesses.
And going to her, he said: Suffer me to lie with thee: for he knew her not to be his daughter-in-law.
George would like to become a sports announcer.
Jami knows where the wind blows from.
He was still a virgin.
Stop hitting yourself.
We were fully satisfied.
After the war, Ford entered politics.
Are they going to rape us?
Mummy's working.
Maybe I can fix it with this piece of wire.
The planets circle the Sun.
Nothing is being thrown away.
Never forget, life is a glory!
You can call a cat a small tiger, and a tiger a big cat.
Queen Elizabeth died in 1603.
I have a full tank of gas.
Despite his being so tall, women find him quite attractive.
I've been wanting to talk to you.
Marie was the only girl wearing a skirt.
We haven't still known about the two ships.
I don't believe in paying for services I don't use.
Being able to smile while in great distress is not duck soup for a passionate individual.
Harry obviously has severe mental problems.
Join me with them in their movement.
George never lets Olivia do what she wants.
Slip of the tongue.
In which house did you live previously?
The eagle spread its wings ready for flight.
He's looking for a leather belt.
Oscar has been taken into protective custody.
She's a powerful demon.
George certainly made no attempt to stop the fight.
The Industrial Revolution began in England.
Romans did not wish for the fall of their empire, but it happened.
My name is Sally.
Jack bought his daughter a Mac for her birthday.
They settled in Canada.
Once it hits two o'clock, I'll go to bed.
Mom, Jami keeps pushing me.
Lucy asked Jami to perform one of his magic tricks.
I need subtitles.
I'll be damned if I let this stop me!
Mail delivery here is twice a day.
Who's the representative from your district?
This is the actual problem.
Did you happen to hear someone, a woman I think, sobbing in the night?
She was playing on the swing in the park when a stranger came near and offered her sweets.
I see a cat chasing a dog.
Hello. May I speak to Mr. Johnson, please?
Susie joined the navy after finishing college.
They are both of one species.
Let's drive to Vegas.
Adam's life has been a struggle.
Harry pulled the mask off his face.
I'm not stopping.
A little while ago I met Jean.
Oliver's resume's impressive.
Everyone is special and unique in their own way.
Your dogs are barking.
You know, I'm very sensitive about this topic.
Do you have a quarter I could borrow?
William and Carmen saved the last two bullets for themselves.
Here, kitty kitty!
Day by day, the Allies pushed the Germans back.
The children were playing in the dirt.
This book is about a king who loses his crown.
He dreamed that he was dreaming.
The boss is thinking about firing Tommy.
Never will I be able to forget this horrible episode from my childhood.
I heard Jami and Anna whispering.
The first time I met Betty, I was nervous.
Could you do me a favour?
It happened in a flash.
Los Angeles is one of the places I want to visit.
But I know that the king of Egypt will not let you go, but by a mighty hand.
We're rolling in dough.
Let's meet on Tuesday.
This is life in the fast lane!
It depends on the person, but using "sir" for women (a title of honour for men) is very rude.
I have to go pee.
"No, I don't," said Mr Jordan.
I think it's a massive problem.
He was born to a noble family.
Were you really kidnapped?
By degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love.
Pack your gear.
Our civilization ended the day we invented the nuclear bomb.
We should give Tommy the chance to surrender.
Humans are emotional creatures.
For there is no difference between a poor man and a rich man, or between a master and a servant.
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.
Tommy carries a gym bag with him all the time.
George has been charged with assault and battery.
Where does this trail lead?
Joe and I used to be business partners.
You're not in her league.
I had a f***ing blast last night.
She arranged the flowers beautifully.
William still sleeps with a teddy bear.
What kind of theme are you interested in?
George sort of took me under his wing.
Catherine is having an allergic reaction to something she ate.
Muhammad and Laur said that they felt betrayed.
By signing a contract, you agree to certain terms and conditions.
"Isn't that just a legend?" "It's real."
He is planning to launch his business.
Greetings, stranger.
You do not have to be an artist in order to see the beauty in everyday things.
The architect designed that building.
Being at the office at such a weather is a real torture.
What's your favorite Christmas carol?
It's rather cold on deck.
Don't rip me off!
Catherine and Jacob were shocked when they saw Oliver come back with his first tattoo.
Oscar dumped Laur's body in the woods.
James's father was Jewish.
Mr. Wilson is proud of his house.
What he says is holy truth.
Congratulations on your victory!
Christ died once for all humans.
My name's Henry.
If we thought we could prove that Adam did that, we'd arrest him.
The baby continues to sleep.
William looks a bit like Harry Potter.
He is my working mate.
Rise for the entrance of the Grand Council!
We need a new director to bring our company together.
I love Alex.
The medium allowed the spirit to take control of her body.
I can't hold back my laughter any longer.
Steve was loved by all.
She is kindness itself.
There was a black van parked in front of Tommy's house.
Come give mommy a kiss.
Shooting stars can fly across the sky in less than a second.
She likes Russian pop music.
Harry said that he was wondering whether Susie could do that or not.
"I don't wanna talk to anyone." "Not even your sweetheart?"
I'll give you one more grace period, Tommy. But tomorrow, the job must be ready.
Whoever saw the movie was shocked.
We are flying over the Pacific.
Detective Dan Anderson checked Linda for weapons.
My room faces east.
I know that William is a reckless young fellow.
What kind of shows do you like to watch?
Muhammad's guardian angel watches over him.
Pardon me a moment, Harry.
I hope there's no more red tape.
I was in Boston the night Tommy was murdered.
He is an awful ticket inspector.
Applause broke out.
Jacob heard Emma shouting.
The captain was so angry he refused to give the crew shore leave.
One drop plus one drop makes a bigger drop, not two.
I've heard that Robert is ill.
One of the girls started cheering.
It's better for you not to see my grandpa.
You hit the center of the target.
Chris can't work tomorrow.
And I had never listened to his records.
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
The company gave out a press release.
If any guest came in, they were given a place according to their worth.
This school is ours.
Most of the bodies were buried where they fell.
No one could hear Linda's screams.
She was struck by the bullet.
He took over a new post at the military base.
That cost me three bucks.
Kim was two years senior to him.
I make a doll for Anna.
Waking up is the opposite of falling asleep.
There was enough of A, but not enough of B.
In this city, there are thousands who live eight or ten to a room.
The 50 unit phone card.
I called her a fat pig.
The buildings look so tiny.
They also refused to buy British goods.
I'd like to interview her.
The car is Brian’s.
Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
You never told me Muhammad was a chef.
To San Francisco, please.
His statement was based on fact.
Dan had to cover Linda's funeral costs.
The police established a road block.
I felt the earth shake under my feet.
Oliver opens a box.
Her day is about to be ruined.
He's a bread lover.
I thought you said Harry was a priest.
Bless you for all your good works.
Tommy does basically the same thing as Olivia does.
Joe is studying to become a physician's assistant.
"Whose gloves are these?" "They are Lisa's."
Alex said he knows both of the victims.
She won a silver medal.
Have pity on us!
The coal is burning.
A DNA test proved his innocence.
It must suck to be you.
Tommy rushed to my defense.
Thank goodness it's Friday.
Everyone can join, including girls.
Oh, so you think you're a tough guy, huh?
The trouble with the world isn't that people know too little, but they know so many things that ain't so.
And the Lord looked upon the children of Israel, and he knew them.
This will not please Daddy.
William almost always laughs at my jokes.
Jesus was born of Laur.
You pull up the blanket.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Oscar and Mary!
Good evening, darling!
Charlie is the chief.
When Michael is at home, his work is to clean the windows.
Olivia is frank, isn't she?
Joe looked sad yesterday?
I just got off the phone with my agent.
I am coming with Paul.
It's unlikely that anyone besides Alex would consider taking that job.
My father went to Hong Kong on business.
So she works at this factory, huh?
Holy shit!
He offered his congratulations on the happy occasion.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Christ taught forgiveness.
Someone named Henry wanted to see you.
Oscar was placed under house arrest.
I hope Oscar continues to win.
I like the Harry Potter books.
Listen, Israel! The Lord is our God; the Lord is one.
George is my soul mate.
I just made three grand.
He is a talented young director.
Daddy, look at me!
Everyone laughs at my incredibly strange accent.
Jesus is said to have raised a man from the dead.
Ask Alex.
Israel needs the West Bank.
Pull the trigger.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is it. It is exactly the time that we have all been waiting for.
Temper your spirit, warm your heart.
What's the matter, darling?
George heard laughter outside.
I'm a 24-year-old American; I go by Steve.
He is kindness itself.
James and Emma live in a van.
Uh-oh! Mommy's home. You better clean up the mess.
What was Alex shooting at?
He is the chief of my department.
Michael Jackson's music is enjoyed by people of many countries.
Did Muhammad pop the question to Laur?
Adam is very frank.
I'm a woman, in case you're wondering.
"Hello, sweetheart." "Where have you been?"
Do you know if Grace is at home?
James and Mary helped whoever asked them for help.
Come on, Joe. Just a glass of beer won't hurt.
Jacob is going east.
I knew Alex was a reckless young fellow.
How many guns shows do they have in Boston?
The baby sleeping in the baby carriage is as cute as an angel.
Pardon me! Sorry.
This tape sticks well.
Was Alex murdered?
ׁWe're sick of seeing the same people always get the applause.
Her mother started shouting.
The whole crew left except for Adam.
Carmen fired her agent.
Let me be your plus one.
He named his son Robert after his own father.
Paul doesn't like beer.
Who are they cheering for?
My grandpa drinks coffee with a group of old guys every morning.
This is our primary target.
Ask someone else besides me.
One day, Chris discovered the charming girl of his dreams.
I listened to some of his records.
I would like to speak to the head nurse.
You must take action for their early release.
Tommy is our special guest today.
These aren't ours.
They carried out several bodies after the explosion.
Your screams frightened me.
He got a bullet wound in his left foot.
Muhammad's base salary will be $300,000.
You owe me thirty bucks.
Kim lives together with Ken.
Anna's pen is black.
I think William would've been here today if he'd known Mary was going to b here.
A buried treasure was found inside the ancient tomb.
The figures in this table are shown in thousands.
Why would you appear in my unit?
Jacob eats like a pig and he looks like one, too.
The tiny restaurant was packed.
The British climbed the hill.
We haven't been able to interview Joe yet.
Unfortunately, Brian met with bad weather.
You're still a chef, aren't you?
I was born in San Francisco.
Jacob is a journalist based in Boston.
James's funeral is today.
Jami is a block away from you.
When you shake someone's hand look directly into his eyes.
If a door opens neither towards you, nor away from you, then it's locked.
They ruined their clothing.
Harry admitted he was the one who stole Susie's diamond necklace.
There are many people who believe in the flat earth conspiracy theory.
Does she have a lover?
The priest who speaks French will be here next week.
There are some people who hate the idea of the European Community.
God bless.
I basically prefer being by myself.
James is my assistant.
I'm going out with Lisa tonight.
They are the so-called victims of war.
The tour's going great.
He won a silver medal.
It's a pity you couldn't come.
The coal in the stove is burning.
A DNA test proved she was innocent.
Are you telling us you suck?
They fought in defense of their country.
Thank goodness George had health insurance.
Three pieces, including a small one.
He's sexy.
Linda slept with both Dan and Matt.
The club elected a new group of officers.
There are giant snakes in this forest.
The manager offered to show me around the plant.
Kelly worked until he dropped.
He knows how to switch on this machine.
The museum took down the picture of the royal family.
Attention! The walls have ears.
Oscar told Catherine about his sexual history.
Very few soldiers of the special forces get married.
She's honking her horn.
In the heart of the city, there is an institution having a golden history.
Clever ideas often chase me, but I'm faster!
Jack saw a rat in the subway.
They decided on the date and location of their wedding.
Are you a regular blood donor?
I screwed up big-time.
Oliver heard knocking at the door.
Don't be disgusting.
The friendship of a great man is a gift from the gods.
The boy is picking yellow flowers.
Is this freak your friend?
There are no hidden service charges.
You're bang on.
Some kind of physical education is important for children in this day and age.
This is the palace the king and queen live in.
We enjoyed ourselves to our hearts' content.
His threat got me to start studying seriously.
The doctors say it was a miracle that William made it through the night.
Ted is good at fixing watches.
Did he put the moves on you?
The monkey dances for money.
I think that Oliver is a Christian.
This system has a built-in protection circuit.
The guards almost beat Joe to death.
I want to leave, disappear, forget everything and everyone.
Jacob told me that he planned to rob a bank.
My spell turned Jack into a dog! What do I do?
This room is capable of holding fifty persons.
Thou art God.
Show me the bone.
Abraham got into a fight with Joseph because of Lucy.
They were panting.
What George said was mostly true.
The media has a lot of influence on the outcome of an election.
Her constant complaints frustrated him deeply.
He's just an ordinary student.
Three-fourths of the earth's surface is covered with water.
She ate a fourth of the cake.
After the university, she was free to choose her destiny.
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
We will never be safe unless that dragon is killed.
The South of Africa is far away.
Once upon a time, there lived an extremely vain emperor who cared a lot about his clothes but not his people.
It's time to separate.
Water is as precious as air.
California is about as large as Japan.
If you want to have a row, have it with me.
It cost us a pretty penny to fix the car.
What a dump.
Today, too, the temperature is below zero.
Merry Christmas and a happy New Year to everyone.
Don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight.
He sold his goods at a sacrifice to close down his business.
We are surprised to see how every creature lives.
The police looked everywhere and could find no trace of Oliver.
It's hard to tell at this range.
If he points that gun at you, just keep on walking. Don't freeze. It's not a real gun.
Is Robin Hood alive?
I'm not going to drag their luggage around.
I'd wish I wouldn't have to do these reports.
Why are you crying, my beloved?
In your quiet moments, do you think about drinking heavy cream without coffee?
A warrant has been issued for Muhammad, who remains at large.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983, never to come back.
Adam is being held in the county jail.
I missed my favourite series.
This ladder leads to the roof.
People with bad vision cannot see far.
My teacher taught me that you can take the square root of a negative number.
I have to make a conscious effort not to use curse words.
Jami is afraid of his own shadow.
I think you're gorgeous.
Do you want to play hide and seek?
Can you search for the fastest route?
He is leading a life of ease.
He lives in the United Kingdom.
I need to collect my thoughts.
Harry didn't wave back.
Jami is one of my former clients.
This device may come in handy.
Emma is well connected, isn't she?
We can't call them as witnesses.
O that I had never seen thee.
I want to become a TV announcer in the future.
They came to blows.
Do you really think that she is a virgin?
I'll never forgive myself for hitting Adam.
The chance was fully taken advantage of.
George discussed politics all night with his friends.
I don't think he really wanted to rape me.
You've already drunk mummy's milk. Don't cry, please go sleepy-sleep.
Send a wire to your father right now.
George was thrown out of the bar.
Glory to you!
If one can say that a tiger is a big cat, one can also say that a cat is a small tiger.
The six-toed dog chased the seven-toed cat across the yard.
She was named Elizabeth after her aunt.
This tank can shoot on the move.
Despite everything, I never blame my mistakes on anyone but myself.
I've been wanting to ask you something.
Marie fed the fish.
The enemy destroyed many of our ships.
Do you offer any other services?
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
The people of your country have no mental discipline.
There's lots of movement here.
Our imagination lets us travel around space.
He dug a hole in the sand.
He made a slip of the tongue.
Previously, he was a successful man.
This eagle can't fly. Its wings are broken.
A wide leather belt would look good with that dress.
Tommy is being kept in custody.
Anxiety is the worst demon in life.
You and I have succeeded in our attempt.
I am writing a paper on the French Revolution.
The Roman Empire survived for a thousand years.
Sally and I work in the same office.
If you use your computer before going to bed, you owe it to your eyes to turn on Night Shift on your Mac.
They settled on the terms of the contract.
Harry made four hits and missed the rest.
She was pushing her luck.
I have an operation to perform.
I want it even without subtitles!
He damned his men right and left.
The pizza delivery guy hasn't come by yet.
The young women of this district are well known for their beauty.
This is an actual happening.
George was sobbing.
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.
I couldn't swing the golf club.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up.
Hello. May I talk to Mr Johnson, please?
He served in the navy.
How many animal species are there in the world?
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
Why do I always need to struggle with such problems?
George took off his gas mask.
We were stopping passers-by.
Jean often eats lunch quickly.
Alex's resume is impressive.
Charlie said that the situation here is unique.
I could hear dogs barking in the background.
Production has increased by four times in the past ten years.
Nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean, safe water.
He's really sensitive to heat and I'm sensitive to the cold. What should we do about our bedroom?
I ate a quarter of a cake.
There are no more bullets.
European Fish Week starts on June 4th.
The kitty is trying to hide from the rain.
The Germans were very friendly.
It's dirt cheap.
I see my crown.
William's dreaming.
They've stopped firing.
It was an embarrassing episode.
Harry heard a voice whispering his name.
Betty was the last to arrive.
May I ask a favour from you?
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.
Don't get all high and mighty.
They're rolling in dough.
Every week I study piano on Monday and Tuesday, and dancing on Wednesday and Friday.
His official title is Director-General of the Environment Agency.
Can a lifetime of pee fill up a swimming pool?
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
Mr Jordan sat down beside him.
That is massive!
She looks as noble as if she were a princess.
Supply creates its own demand.
Did you know that Muhammad was kidnapped when he was three?
It was thirty degrees this afternoon in Boston.
A small gear is missing here.
This time, the nuclear test failed.
Under the circumstances we have no choice but to surrender.
They are mere creatures of habit.
Be a servant of the intelligent man, but never the master of a fool.
Are all the bars shut?
We weren't prepared for the assault.
I'll take this trail.
I thought that we were equal partners.
I had no alternative but to document the war crimes.
Do you know who the best player in the league is?
We had a blast.
I like the theme song.
When a woman's angry, four little kisses are all you need to comfort her.
Oscar took me under his wing.
The allergic reaction made him angry.
They said they felt betrayed.
No one can work under such brutal conditions.
They were established to celebrate a certain event or to tell an age-old legend.
They decided to launch a major attack.
You don't have to be an artist to find the beauty in everyday life.
This was designed by Harry Jackson.
They're going to torture us.
Carol often watches horror movies.
William is painting the deck.
If that happens, I will rip up and burn everything I have written.
Olivia was concerned that Oliver had a secret girlfriend.
She probably got dumped.
You guys are stupid, huh?
Harry isn't Jewish.
Go and see if Mr Wilson is at home.
That ain't my style.
Hear, O Israel. The Lord is our God. The Lord is One.
Daddy, where will we go?
A person who laughs is happy.
Jesus turned water into wine.
No matter what you do, don't pull this rope.
Are you tired, darling?
What were yesterday's chief events?
Michael Jackson is the best music artist of all time.
Oscar was frank.
I saw Joe last Sunday.
Adam is a secret agent.
Paul came back with the father.
I think it's too expensive; besides, it doesn't even look that good...
She is a kind and holy woman.
I heard you won. Congratulations!
The trees are beginning to bud.
Have you considered therapy?
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
Stephen died.
It's been raining heavily since this morning, so I don't want to go anywhere.
Is your skull broken?
Carlos turned around.
She is my mistress!
Stars are big, because they're hot; when their fuel is exhausted, they collapse.
Dan and Linda had a common bond.
My friend Henry was not in class yesterday, and neither was I.
I was under arrest for killing Oscar.
George is a monk, isn't he?
The problem continues to exist.
The most successful scientists are those who pose the right questions.
I saw Marcus' house.
Harry's really slow to catch on.
The tunnel could collapse, killing anybody inside it.
There are roses behind the steel building.
The division picnic is this Saturday at the park.
I saw my mate there, drinking wine.
A grand jury found him not guilty of any crime.
Alex likes classic cars.
Health brings a freedom very few realise, until they no longer have it.
On my days off I look after my nephew and go out for dinner with friends.
I'm making spaghetti sauce.
Facebook is the world's largest social network.
There were two murders this month.
The expedition passed through the great jungle.
The exit is on the right side of the direction of travel.
Oscar and Lucy spit out their gum.
It's no use your begging him for help.
Let me make myself crystal clear.
If you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
Do you know his status in the company?
Edward succeeded to his uncle's estate.
What's your favorite lipstick brand?
He is a director, and should be treated as such.
Alex only lives a stone's throw away from the shopping centre.
The script was awful.
Charlie is a confirmed bachelor.
Seal the doors.
It's a feature, not a bug.
I'm waiting and hoping for Alex to come.
Recent evidence suggests that this is not the case.
There was a surveillance team watching Dan.
To the west of France is the Atlantic Ocean.
The clinic sent another bill.
Is Oscar a hero or traitor?
Who the heck is Tommy?
How were the teams chosen?
You're expected to hail it as a triumph.
The ship arrived at the port on schedule.
They're playing fetch with their dogs.
I've changed my daily routine.
Slaves were the least expensive form of labor.
Stones don't swim.
Dramatic music might be a good effect in this scene.
In this apartment lives a wicked spirit.
Joe and Julia were sent to the principal's office for passing notes in class.
He is at home in a variety of fields.
Everybody was looking at her when she burst into laughter.
The coal industry is dying.
He suddenly stopped in his tracks.
The landing was perfect.
Steve looks quite happy.
Poverty is no vice.
He is honesty itself.
Alex and Carmen spent the night in their van.
Mommy, may I go swimming?
How should we proceed?
The motion was carried by a show of hands.
Did George say anything about the shooting?
The facts proved that our worries were unnecessary.
The Japanese have tried to learn the Western way of thinking and feeling for the past hundred years.
Alex said that I sounded worried.
I was raped!
It thus follows that...
Beth is in the teacher's room right now seeing her teacher.
It isn't healthy to skip meals.
God created man in his own image, God is a warrior.
No one can say for sure how this awkward state of affairs came about.
Your ears pop when the plane takes off.
Oliver and Carmen are celebrating their wedding anniversary.
I can't help wondering about what Jacob might be doing.
Do you think it should be legal for citizens to possess a gun?
Dream of me, OK, sweetheart?
Grace has not come yet.
Harry has been arrested and is being held without bail.
Whoever comes will see me.
Ouch!
We are all naked underneath our clothes.
God, hear my prayer.
He says his conscience is clear.
Our headquarters are in Australia.
He is going back and forth in front of the station.
Joe and Mary are my heroes.
These dishes chip so easily.
Joe has never bought frozen apples.
She's admitted her guilt.
What a lousy day!
The Cold War also affected the Middle East.
James is a reckless young fellow.
The brave mouse chased the cat.
George is a fairly good backup singer.
We had our roof blown off.
Do you often watch cooking shows?
This park is a little kid's paradise.
It's an annual tradition here in Boston.
Pardon me, what place is this?
They cleared the road of snow.
I hate the idea of basic income.
I cut the tape.
Charlie bought a new camera for Eva to replace the one he had borrowed and lost.
Muhammad thinks Laur was murdered.
James fell down the cliff to his death.
Where is the Greek embassy?
Give yourselves a round of applause.
It's a strip club for women.
I heard Tommy shouting at Olivia.
"Please," says the crew member.
In Britain they call the subway the underground.
Eight plus two is ten.
I can tell whether it's Dad or not by the sound of his footsteps.
Are you saying you know where Harry hid the diamonds?
Are you recording this?
We called Robert "Bob".
There's nothing like digging up money, it's good fun.
Harry is a robot.
Tommy could use some cheering up.
The soldiers began returning home.
How old is your grandpa?
Alex missed the target.
Many believe that men's souls live after death.
Chris didn't have a car to drive.
We aren't at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.
I listened to some records last night.
I wonder what Jack's motive for doing that is.
His daughter is a nurse.
The number of houses being built was dropping.
That island is American territory.
Oscar said that the timing was perfect.
He fell into a pit.
This medicine does not have side effects.
We'll be safe when we get into the hills.
Even angels can't satisfy everyone.
They aren't criminals, are they?
Oliver never questioned his existence.
It's impossible to release his foot from the trap.
Oliver has a large loyal following.
I'm back! Oh? Have we got a guest?
He'll be back in two hours. In the meantime, let's prepare dinner.
The testing method in Australia is not meant to be difficult for the people sitting them.
I'm not freaking out.
I've been trying to resist the urge to do that.
This is ours.
Why did you slap me?
Ann loves chocolate.
Perhaps they can feel the lines with their bodies.
James's doorbell rang.
He screams a lot.
He fell as if wounded by a bullet.
Alex already has a fan base.
Are you questioning my judgment?
Alex felt like a million bucks.
A man's will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens.
Kim is four years older than I am.
The father and the son will be tried for homicide.
I am the patrol leader.
Jacob earned a full scholarship to college.
Goodbye, Anna!
Did I tell you we had rats?
You should never look down on a man merely because he is poor.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
Ellen likes to play tennis, too.
Oliver doesn't know the difference between reality and fantasy.
I got a B in physics.
The lovers walked arm-in-arm.
Oscar found the entrance to an ancient tomb.
There are thousands of millions of stars in the universe.
Did this require a signature?
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
It seemed like a fairy tale.
James hasn't yet been appointed chairman.
I'll knock three dollars off the price per unit.
Sometimes the best pork comes from a bad pig.
This is a picture frame made of plastic.
She felt a sigh of relief when she got the work done.
Australia was the place where British prisoners were sent to.
He agreed to give us an interview.
Kate talked over the picture with Brian.
The men looked at Jessie in silence.
We call her a chef.
I am a Welsh-speaking actor in a theatre.
The ship is arriving in San Francisco this evening.
The news had an impact on him.
This was Oscar's third offense, so he was put in jail.
Get the first aid kit out.
Look at that knight on the horse.
It is said that his new novel is based on his own experiences.
He said his son wasn't a terrorist.
Near the street Anthony drank water-chestnut juice from a bottle.
The funeral home just called.
Most of the houses on this block were built in 2013.
Susie says that she won't shake hands with Alex.
Being a soldier is my job, where I have authority over bombs.
The doors opens to the bathroom.
I am at the city gates.
Mr Grey did not enjoy his job.
The procedure is the same.
Parents should monitor their children's whereabouts.
George ruined me.
A lie is a lie, no matter how you spin it.
Charlie is facing the death penalty.
Why are you dressed up like a clown?
The bells started to ring.
This church dates from the 13th century.
I try to keep as low a profile as possible.
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
Learn how to drive, you moron.
I know Joe wants to become a priest.
I got ripped off.
They denied the humanity of slaves.
Resources everyone uses should be community property. Personal items can continue to be personal property.
I think that was extreme.
You chop wood every day, don't you?
God bless all of you.
That's basically what we want.
This should not be told but Joe is an alcoholic and he beats Alice, his wife.
Technically, you're correct.
Oscar is an assistant manager at the company where Carmen works.
Hello, Lisa.
Don't pat me on the head as if I were a child!
I can only walk about three kilometers at a stretch.
Susie says she doesn't have time for romance.
You can't live on potato chips.
Venus and Mars are the neighbors of the Earth.
Muhammad said he knew both of the victims.
I'm going to send my resume to several companies.
Joe can't ride a bicycle very well yet, so his bicycle has training wheels.
There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress.
My aunt won an all-expenses-paid tour of Hawaii.
I am just dying for a Coke right now.
What a pity that then we did not understand this.
This is a lemon tree.
The burning building was about to collapse.
A DNA test proved he was innocent.
Hasn't Rita's aunt prayed?
The court session lasted for three hours.
International law is a branch of law.
We'll be back right after this commercial.
Children suck the mother when they are young, and the father when they are old.
I'm a fast walker.
I didn't sneak up on her.
The defense lawyer didn't ask the right questions.
Alex has never drunk a liquor.
Joe did that out of the goodness of his heart.
Where did you drill them?
I like everyone here, including Adam.
Juan is going to vote for the first time.
They are threatening me.
That's right up my alley.
If you are clever enough to bring destruction upon me, rest assured that I shall do as much to you.
How often do you eat junk food?
Jami took off like a rocket.
I'm not a fighter.
He is kicking me!
Jacob broke out of his shell.
Everyone has the right to life, liberty and the security of person.
I don't think it's fair to punish me for a mistake I made years ago.
Some actions have permanent consequences.
Joe protected his wife.
They said they would investigate.
He ordered them back to the fort.
Capture him alive.
I'm sorry that you had to get dragged into this.
I can't allow my emotions to interfere with my actions.
The class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups.
Both James and Susie are artists.
Do you have any suspects?
Stand on the scale.
James and Alice have a vacation home in Florida.
His life is a moral example to everyone.
The United States seems to have got caught up in the troubles between the two nations in Asia.
I took an arrow in the knee.
This hole needs to be deeper.
He was determined, and we couldn't bend him.
The table is covered with powder.
He's the new CEO from the parent company in France.
Every little bit counts.
William has a perfect alibi.
You know that I'm still planning on joining the team, don't you?
They were looking for their locker keys.
I have to give it to Aaron.
He fired a shot at random.
George wiped the blade of his knife on his jeans.
They wanted to live in peace with the Indians.
I think that Muhammad is intense.
Let's take a brief look at this topic.
It is not always easy to hit the core.
Joan is as charming as her sister.
That big busted blonde is as dumb as a rock.
I'm guessing you already know the answer to that.
Art takes many forms.
She had jet black eyes.
Dan was a serial killer and he killed every woman he lived with.
Did Charlie offer any resistance?
What type of tools do you require for the job?
Detectives are still investigating.
Jack doesn't know how to milk a goat.
The photos are taken by a pro, so they'll turn out well.
He belongs to the upper class.
And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
They failed to get the necessary votes.
My colleague has a colleague.
I like beans.
Oscar sends me a Christmas card every year.
Don't pick unnecessary fights.
What kind of dressing do you want on your salad?
The warehouse was empty except for a piece of furniture.
We must wash all these dirty plates.
What do you think we must do in order to maintain the peace of the world?
I was held hostage.
You still have a lot to learn about relationships.
We went to Sydney yesterday.
The possession of such skills can clearly take you very far.
Scotland can be very warm in September.
Are you sure you don't want another soda?
Do you want me to rub your shoulders?
The following images are not for the faint of heart.
The commission has promised to take action soon.
I can't keep covering for you.
She constantly checks her phone.
He plans to appeal his conviction.
It isn't easy sharing your secrets.
I never thought it would heal.
Alex found Catherine's diary and read the last three pages.
They look magnificent.
The consequences would be enormous.
His madness is genius and his genius is madness.
The purpose of the meeting is to make a plan for a new product prior to the Product Development Meeting in January.
Is this your picture, Alexander? You're a handsome man, indeed.
He's well respected for his management skills.
When should I stop feeding my dog puppy food?
It was the hungry bears that the villagers were afraid of.
Get back to your quarters.
Can you squeeze me into your busy schedule?
Skin shouldn't be exposed to sunlight for too long.
Nothing is as difficult as explaining something difficult in a simple manner.
My feet are freezing.
You have my blessing.
Shane doesn't start a fight.
Alex was denied entry.
Everyone came except for Marco.
She is always critical of reckless drivers.
Because of the Internet, people can meet other people whom they otherwise would never meet without the Internet. And it is at least global.
Can you buzz me in?
Each person judges well the things he knows.
He won't listen. I might as well talk to a brick wall.
It could be deadly.
How is it that dishes pile up so quickly?
Her facility with English is wonderful.
It looks like there's no reception in this room.
Won't you let me see Diana just once to say farewell?
Communication is the key.
There's a bottle in the fridge.
In Japan, military leaders gained control of the government.
They laid the foundation of the house.
She is talented in many areas.
We are all at different levels.
Who's that banging on the door at this time of the night?
When was the last time you used a slide rule?
Later you will have a happy hour with your work colleagues.
I know I'm a burden on you.
Charlie was at the point of entering college.
The actors are waiting on the stage.
He demands immediate payment.
I'm interested in creating my own website.
Someone's humming.
Friend me on Facebook. Huh, what's that? Really, so you don't do Facebook? You must not have any friends. That's terrible.
Once it gets cold, it ain't worth shit.
Daddy bought me books.
George usually laughs at Valentina's jokes.
Turning around, Jesus saw them following and asked, "What do you want?"
Pull it open.
Can I offer you gentlemen a drink?
How are you, darling?
The chief's gonna kill me.
Here's another Michael Jackson cover.
He is quite frank with me about everything.
Was Joe with you yesterday evening?
I made my brother my agent while I was out of the city.
I put Paul's name forward as a possible candidate.
Besides music, what else do you do?
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.
Holy Carmen!
Congratulations are definitely in order.
My name is Henry.
I asked if I was under arrest.
Every language continues to change as long as it is spoken.
Harry fell seriously ill.
He was dropped because of his running mate.
Jacob stayed at the Grand Hotel.
Oliver is the director.
Alex is non-binary.
My house is on the west side of the street.
I will drink for you in spirit.
Is it possible to die of laughter?
Steve is getting on the bus.
I saw Alex getting into a dark blue van.
I can't imagine shooting myself.
I like listening to pop music.
Adam and I were wondering if you'd like to join us.
To tell the truth, sweetheart, I'm not at all interested.
He did not even have the grace to apologize.
Whoever wants to marry her must first convince her father.
Some birds are flying high in the sky.
Weapons on the ground!
The course of the ship was straight east.
He is a good fellow at heart.
The party won't start until Oscar shows up.
I was an angel of an actress.
I must ask your pardon.
I need the tape.
Could Alex have been murdered?
The minister approved the building plans.
Why are you shouting at my mother?!
William is a member of our crew.
Four plus three is seven.
"Here's the Robert's reply." "You mean Robert's?" "No, it's the Robert. There's only one."
I could hear everybody cheering.
It'd be better if you didn't see my grandpa today.
She missed a target.
Chris can't come to work tomorrow.
I found myself listening to his records.
My mother is a nurse.
He ordered them to release the prisoners.
The maid will clean the guest room.
It is their problem, not ours.
Three bodies were found in the cave.
She screams.
He was killed by a single bullet.
I think you're off base.
This pencil cost me at least a hundred bucks.
Her child had been seriously ill for a week before Dr. Kim arrived.
I am Charlie. Could I speak with Anna?
The leaf and the tree are falling.
Do you have a plan B?
Birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year.
The army forced him to resign.
Harry was being treated at a burn unit.
I called Joe a fat pig.
He's a British citizen, but he lives in India.
Can we interview her?
I'm Brian.
Would you tell the head chef that it was very delicious?
In 11 hours, we will arrive in San Francisco around 7:30.
Based on the information that I've given you, what story would you come up with?
What kind of funeral do you want?
Your car is a block away.
I don't shake hands.
She opens her legs for everyone.
They ruined me.
Before leaving the room, Jami took Susie's diamond necklace.
The theory of evolution is beyond the reach of my imagination.
I'm a dog lover.
The priest will take some of the blood.
Tommy is well respected in his community.
God bless you guys.
Basically, I am a honest person.
Tommy is the new assistant coach.
Lisa is German.
There are no victims.
He made a tour of Europe.
We weren't all born with a silver spoon in our mouths.
It's a great pity you don't know her.
DNA doesn't lie.
You suck at writing code.
William and Carmen claim they acted in self defense.
For goodness' sake, please be nice to him.
Everything has an end, including life.
So he works at this factory, huh?
I'm not trying to be sexy.
Dan agreed to talk to Detective Matt Brown at the station.
Seeing the police officers, he immediately ran away.
He is altogether a giant.
Joe and Mary didn't know where John wanted them to plant the roses.
I can't say that Mr. Kelly has lived a saint's life.
He knows how to switch on the lamp.
Will you watch the royal wedding?
We have painted the walls white.
Have you and her had a sexual relationship?
After five years in the special forces, I quit.
Jack is out front honking his horn.
The Golden Age of the Romans is in the past.
Let's chase out corrupt politicians!
The cat ate the rat.
This store is in a prime location.
She screwed up the work.
I know it's Jami who's knocking on the door.
Tommy doesn't think it's disgusting to eat certain insects.
Even gods die when no one believes in them any longer.
The wind is picking up.
I ain't got all day.
Jami is a control freak.
Oscar denied these charges.
What was the universe like before the Big Bang?
Harry doesn't have the physical strength to do what needs to be done.
It's open source software.
I will take you to my palace tomorrow.
That wasn't a threat. It was a warning.
It was a miracle that he recovered.
He was called Ted by his friends.
The Earth moves in orbit around the Sun.
The monkey fell from the tree.
He said that he wasn't a Christian.
Did you use protection?
The guards are in position.
If we want we can, if won't we'll disappear.
"Why do you rob banks?" "Because that’s where the money is."
Can you spell it?
This elevator is capable of carrying ten persons.
That thou art.
I'm your daddy now.
The dog eats the fish, the bone, the tail, and all.
Anna never laughs.
Jesus walked on water.
Didn't you say you had some pull with Jack?
Gentlemen don't do things like that.
Abraham got into a fight with Joseph over Lucy.
I enjoy talking to the ladies.
I beg you, my darling... Please don't leave me.
I mostly have fruit for breakfast.
The media are more concerned with profits than the public good.
I deeply appreciate your advice and kindness.
We lead a very ordinary life.
A third of the earth's surface is desert.
He ate a fourth of the cake.
Maybe it's destiny.
Charlie is having lunch with the police chief.
Rise up, take up thy bed, and walk.
Michael Jackson has died.
The dragon can be killed.
We left Africa forever.
I confessed my sin.
Emperor John declared himself a living god.
You can't separate dreams from reality?
All socks are very precious.
He said that he had been in California for ten years.
Jack was sent to death row.
Find a penny, pick it up, then all day you'll have good luck!
How can I dump my girlfriend on Valentine's day?
She was at once frank and honest.
Even today, the temperature is below zero.
I could have been merry with you.
I wonder where Joe went?
You should protect your eyes from direct sunlight.
I can't let you sacrifice yourselves.
William is a creature of the night.
The police looked everywhere and couldn't find any trace of Harry.
Fire all guns when the enemy comes into range.
If you want to keep meat for a long time, freeze it.
I won't drag Jami into this.
Didn't you read the reports?
I know that Joe used to be a real estate agent.
Nothing is as beloved as what one gets for free.
I'll say some words about this in a few moments.
Do you have a warrant?
You are not from Mexico, are you?
Charlie lives in Orange County.
Breaking Bad is my favorite series.
Olivia has a vision.
His answer was in the negative.
If you had picked up the phone, I would have invited you to the party in Paul’s house.
The family seemed to be under a curse.
Fear your own shadow.
She's rich, and even better, she's gorgeous.
This victory alone is not the change we seek.
There is no escape route.
He has no children, but he is leading an otherwise happy life.
The enemy troops closed in on the city.
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
I'd like to make a collect call to Boston.
Charlie gave Eva a friendly wave.
Besides, I do not know how to dance.
I want to chain myself to that tree.
How many clients do you have?
We use this device to measure blood pressure.
It helps to be connected.
There are no witnesses of the accident.
Fare thee well! and if for ever, still for ever, fare thee well.
The announcer called for attention.
It blows my mind.
If I die, I want to die a virgin.
I'm not hitting on you.
It will be a long time before he has fully recovered.
Charlie and his friends discussed politics all night.
They want to rape our women.
I was asked to wear a wire.
We formed a circle around the teacher.
Why were you thrown out of the party?
Did Oliver really try to commit suicide?
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.
Was he a tiger in bed?
Elizabeth was delighted.
Oscar works for a think tank.
Alice kept working despite her illness.
There's something that I've been wanting to say to you for a long time.
Marie is not ready.
We could see enemy ships on the horizon.
How much do you charge for your services?
I told everyone to duck.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The movement added a new page to the history of Japan.
Your father lets you do anything but I will not.
Muhammad dug a hole in the sand.
It's too good an opportunity to let slip away.
Previously the mechanic took a lot more.
All planes have wings.
Take a belt and discipline your son right now.
Soon the tea was ready and Anne found herself sitting opposite Mr. Harrison at his own table, pouring his tea for him, and chatting freely to him about her school and friends and plans.
The accused remains in custody.
That kid is a little demon.
Harry didn't even attempt to kiss Carmen.
The revolution has its own laws.
The empire will fall.
Sally is two years older than Ken.
She had a Big Mac.
They settled in Japan.
It really hits the nail on the head.
I'd say Charlie and Julia are pushing thirty.
I don't like to perform in front of others.
The movie we watched was in French with English subtitles.
I have a delivery for Muhammad.
If you haven't already been to the Lake District, I highly recommend you pay it a visit.
How much actual experience do you have?
She was sobbing.
What's the latest news?
My wife had a hard time getting into the swing of our new life in America.
We don't have time to go chasing after Jami.
Johnson refused to recognize the law.
James served three years in the Navy.
There are three intelligent species on the planet.
Adam had a great time in Vegas.
You don't have to struggle.
James wore a mask.
He was stopping passers-by
I don't want to send you mixed signals.
Jean eats his soup.
I found it quite impressive.
Every one of us has a unique inside world.
The dog is barking.
Production at this factory has increased by 20%.
America's foreign debt shot past $500 billion.
My eyes are very sensitive to the light.
One quarter of it will be Harry's.
Adam used up all his bullets.
Here are the proposed agenda items for the meeting on June 16, 1998.
Who's a good kitty?
A lot of Germans go on vacation in Spain.
You can dig dirt from the ground.
What crown do you see?
William must've been dreaming.
What's the name of the joint we went to last night?
They're firing at us.
I don't like this episode.
Tommy pretended not to hear what Lucy and John were whispering.
Betty killed his mother.
She has beauty as a point in her favour.
It was all over in a flash.
Don't get high and mighty with me.
She's rolling in dough.
She will visit her mother next Tuesday.
What is the title of this movie?
I sit when I pee.
Mr Jordan was a little surprised.
Mr. Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
George had a massive crush on the girl next door when he was a kid.
Remember your noble words!
The soldiers' food supply is running out.
Oliver thought Alice had been kidnapped.
Food tastes better when it is wrapped in a European flag.
My father is getting better by degrees.
You've got it in the wrong gear.
We are living in the age of nuclear power.
The alternative to surrender is fighting.
You shouldn't kill living creatures for fun.
Alex was a public servant.
Where did you hide the candy bars?
Emma told me she was going to the gym.
You can be charged with criminal assault without actually touching the victim.
The trail has gone cold.
I thought that we were partners.
He's way out of my league.
Blast off!
I love the way you have things arranged.
What's the theme of the novel?
The bird had a broken wing.
Jami is having an allergic reaction to something he ate.
I feel I've been betrayed!
This man is a legend.
He wears the same shirt everyday, and I wonder why.
This is designed especially for young people.
If they catch you alive, they'll torture you to death.
Carol has just returned to her hotel.
Captain on deck.
He'll rip my head off.
Catherine thinks that Oliver is still too young to have a girlfriend.
He dumped me.
I'm not that Jewish.
Mr Wilson likes him to play square.
We worked hard so as to increase our sales.
This is holy ground.
Congratulations on your face.
Looks like it's not that easy, huh?
Adam is afraid that the police might arrest him.
Jacob continues to deny that he did that.
Couldn’t Harry help?
Thanks, mate!
If we had more space, we could get a grand piano.
I ain't got nobody.
I have a high opinion of the film director.
Alex often spends his holiday in Spain.
Oliver went to West Point.
My body is old but my spirit is young.
Children's laughter could be heard in the distance.
Adam drove a van.
As soon as Alex walked out the door, the police started shooting.
Daddy, can you read me a story before I go to sleep?
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.
Earth laughs in flowers.
Jesus' mother was there.
So long, pop!
Oliver and Laur said they were wondering whether John needed to do that or not.
Aren't you a sweetheart?
Don't pull the trigger.
Grace hasn't arrived yet.
He is a gentleman among gentlemen.
Whoever gets home first starts cooking the supper.
Oscar passed with flying colors.
He was a ladies' man.
Sleep well, darling!
Put down your weapons.
The zoo is in the east of the town.
That fellow was fired last week.
Harry shows up every day and works hard.
You sing like an angel.
I beg your pardon, sir.
According to the chief of police, there were no survivors.
Michael needs to get fit over the summer.
Charlie cut the tape.
We believe Adam was murdered.
This man's shouting at me!
I am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew.
Two plus two makes four.
I was very frank.
My name is Robert, but everyone calls me Bob.
They were in Joe's class last year.
She needs a little cheering up.
Let's visit my grandpa this weekend.
Aim the gun at the target.
Chris gets 7 gold coins!
I've checked the records.
She dreamed of becoming a nurse.
Oliver will be sleeping in the guest bedroom.
He was the agent of her grief.
This problem is both yours and ours.
People should wash their bodies.
Paul eats.
He only screams when he's hungry.
He was wounded by a bullet.
Joe called Olivia from the mountain base camp.
I haven't got five bucks.
Kim and I are the same age.
My name is Anna. What is your name?
There are plenty more fish in the sea besides him.
William and I were in the audience.
A leaf is falling.
Draw a line from A to B.
Ancient customs are dying out quickly today.
The elephant's meal is enough to feed thousands of ants.
Illness forced him to give up school.
When I was growing up, I saw the largest boy in the village. Since I saw that unit, I have not been able to sleep.
You're a pig.
She is a British citizen but her native land is France.
How was your interview yesterday?
Kate and Brian discuss the picture.
My silence is not to be read as consent.
Please tell the chef it was delicious.
Most things in San Francisco can be bought, or taken.
He wrote a book based on an idea which he borrowed from his wife.
I thought it was a beautiful funeral service.
Block it!
He refused to shake hands with me.
She opens the window.
You've ruined everything.
He is your lover.
Like priest, like people.
Jacob was well-known and respected in the community.
Bless my heart!
That's basically why I came.
I need an assistant who speaks Korean.
Lisa's room needs to be cleaned.
It's time to do more than just count the number of victims.
If it rains tomorrow, the tour will be cancelled.
This is a silver coin.
Show pity on me.
He is burning with love of his country.
Some people can suck the life from you.
He trusted his defense attorney.
Oh my goodness!
He returned home by way of Hong Kong.
George is in therapy.
They're heavily armed.
She keeps a human skull on her desk.
Carlos is intelligent and creative. His books are interesting.
My fuel line broke.
There's a new James Bond movie.
They were plain folk.
Julia is a monk, isn't she?
Scientists consider the invention to be important.
I saw Marcus's house.
It isn't easy to translate all your comments into Standard German.
Jacob went through the tunnel.
The odds of ever being born are so slim I feel blessed to be given a chance.
There are roses next to the steel building.
What division of the company do you work in?
This is classic.
I realise that you are the second authority in Europe.
My nephew is getting married tomorrow.
You have some spaghetti sauce on your face.
I hear about that the network is very popular now.
Joe didn't know anything about the murders.
Muhammad, that's our exit!
If you have gum in your mouth, spit it out.
I'm begging you to give me another chance.
The crystal clear water had a very pleasant temperature.
A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile.
Please let me know the status.
Do not be afraid to kill Edward; it is good.
"This is a very good brand," said Dad.
Jami doesn't like being the centre of attention.
Can you write a script for me?
It has been confirmed.
Please put your seal here.
James fixed the bug.
Violence has increased in recent years.
I didn't notice the surveillance cameras.
The clinic closed in 2006.
He's a traitor.
What the heck are you doing?
First, we decide on what needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
Hail a cab.
The ship's in the port.
Shall I fetch your glasses from the living room, Dad?
We expected the routine, but we got the extraordinary.
Don't throw stones.
The difference is dramatic.
The principal called and said you weren't at school today.
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.
Jami grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
Alex's plane is landing right now.
My worst vice is smoking.
He is a distant relation of hers.
Alex isn't sure how to proceed.
Our planet, Earth, is always in motion.
Well prepared means no worries.
He likes Western culture.
That almost sounded like Jack's voice.
Thus, we can point out the result in our discussion.
My friends call me Beth.
You definitely should not skip this step.
William is a warrior.
I am occupied with my own affairs.
Joe gave Alice flowers and chocolate on their anniversary.
They became citizens after receiving political asylum.
Alex is currently free on bail.
Ouch! I bit my tongue!
The next morning I woke to see the fruit trees in bloom underneath my window.
It's a little late for prayer.
That's his guilty conscience speaking.
Our new headquarters are in Boston.
Should we go forth with the party on Saturday?
Adam and Mary don't consider themselves heroes.
Get that chip off your shoulder.
I only buy fresh vegetables, never frozen.
He was unconscious of his guilt.
I know Jami is a lousy dancer.
The cat chased the mouse, but it couldn't catch it.
Charlie always has a backup plan.
She had her hat blown off by the wind.
Do not venture outside your homes.
They promised paradise.
Where I come from, it's a tradition to name one's first born William, and second son John.
I cleared the table.
I have a basic knowledge of French.
Jacob is going to replace Laur.
If you don't want to fall off the cliff, don't stay near it.
English has many words of Latin and Greek origin.
I saw you in the strip club the day before yesterday.
We can get there by underground.
I see Jami, but I don't hear his footsteps.
Anna told me where she hid the stolen diamonds.
Aren't you recording this?
Many children at a nearby school witnessed the plane crash.
He is digging his own grave.
Charlie built a robot.
I thought Harry would be returning to Australia.
Oscar and Valentina sold their souls.
Did you hear your computer beep?
What was his motive for doing it?
George and Catherine say they're considering dropping out of school.
It goes with the territory.
Your timing really sucks.
Jack discovered Valentina's body in a pit.
There were no side effects.
It's as old as the hills.
We hold live classes for groups of more than 5 people.
The police don't know where the criminals are hiding.
His existence was recognized.
I'm being loyal.
What can I do in the meantime?
George has been testing new equipment.
Why is everybody freaking out?
You should resist the urge to do that.
Even so ... she didn't have to slap me!
I made Ann my secretary.
Alex was asleep when the doorbell rang.
This girl has very good judgment.
They don't want to call their lawyers.
Heavens, I'm lost!
Oliver was a homicide detective before he retired.
I was on patrol.
Joe gave his mother everything he earned.
I can't stand rats.
I merely came to inform you of the fact.
Time flies like an arrow.
Harry does not know the difference between reality and fantasy.
The two lovers sat face to face, drinking tea.
The discovery took place on a warm August day in 1896.
May I have a signature?
Alex has no intention of marrying anybody.
Did you write this fairy tale by yourself?
We made Jack chairman.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief.
Do you prefer going to the cinema or to the theatre?
This incident has made a great impact on the progress of the project.
He is quick to take offense.
We've got a first aid kit.
Have you seen "The Dark Knight Rises" movie?
Which terrorist group did this?
Out of all his brothers, Anthony is the least wise.
The plane dropped bombs on the city.
The gates of the school open at eight.
When candles are out, all cats are grey.
You know the procedure, don't you?
Let's go for a spin around the park.
Muhammad and Mary sat at the dining room table facing each other.
The clown is afraid of the dark.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
Dates will be announced.
I try to keep a low profile now.
I'm such a moron.
Muhammad ripped off his shirt.
The soup-spoon is always on the extreme right.
I like to chop wood.
The neighbors say that Jack beats his wife.
It's technically possible.
It is possible to determine the age of these rocks through scientific studies.
Bill hates George only if Pat hates Bill.
Stretch your legs.
If you don't want to get hurt, then love and romance are not for you.
Potato chips are not good for you.
Alex is from Mars, and Emma is from Venus.
Both companies were sold.
One of the car wheels came off.
Everything is relative, and that alone is absolute.
Has all the coke been drunk?
In my garden is a lemon tree.
The training session is scheduled to begin at 4 p.m.
We'll be back after this commercial.
He's a fast walker.
I caught him trying to sneak out.
I want to be able to hold my liquor better.
This is not a drill.
Juan is 35 years old today.
I received three threatening phone calls this morning.
After this, nobody ever saw the ghost of the old woman again in that alley.
Death and destruction will rain on you.
Let's get rid of this junk.
They launched a rocket.
William is a fighter pilot.
Jami is kicking me.
It took James a long time to break out of his shell.
The Statue of Liberty is located in New York.
Oliver wanted to punish me.
You never stop to think of the consequences of your actions.
Jack should be protected.
Jacob wanted us to investigate the murder of his wife.
Hold down the fort while I'm gone.
Cameras don't tend to capture reality.
I'm sorry that I dragged you into this.
We can't allow our emotions to interfere with our actions.
Hope springs eternal.
Alex and Anna said that they were artists.
Both Harry and I were suspects.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
Mike has some friends in Florida.
An animal has no moral sense.
Troubles are everywhere; in front of you, on your left, on your right. You can't escape.
I bumped my knee.
The soul of man is larger than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
Bend it.
Mix this powder with a cup of water.
When you're a parent it's important to set a good example for your children.
It's the first step that counts.
Does Joe have an alibi for the time Mary was killed?
You still plan on joining the team, don't you?
Charlie took off his sweater and put it in his locker.
Aaron was killed in cold blood by Julia.
Animals seem to move at random.
I received a knife with a sharp blade.
Few Indians live in Japan.
Have you seen "The Invisible Guardian" movie?
That was pretty intense.
They locked eyes for a brief moment.
I don't eat the core of an apple.
Did you and Joan have a fight?
Joe confessed his sins.
Is she a real blonde?
I'm pretty good at guessing.
Alex is filling out college application forms.
From time to time, she feels an urge to write poetry.
Nobody knows what happened to the jet.
You're a serial killer.
Your proposal will meet with significant resistance.
Charlie started to put his tools away.
We're investigating the deaths of Tommy and Margaret.
Horse, lion, dog, goat: these are animals.
We need to hire a pro.
And so you think that's a good idea, huh?
The people living here belong to the upper class.
My mothers don't speak Dutch.
What film did ye see?
We have counted most of the votes.
Today one of my colleague told about his job.
She likes beans.
She sends us to the town.
"It is easy to get into fights with him simply because we have very different ways of doing things," she said.
I forgot to put dressing on the salad.
Who was it that forgot to lock the door of the warehouse?
The plates you broke were not that expensive.
He is trying to maintain two jobs.
I thought Alex and Carmen were going to use me as a hostage.
Oliver's uncomfortable with close personal relationships.
He's coming home from Sydney today.
What's your most valuable possession?
This cloth is superior to that.
Do you want some soda?
William didn't have to rub it in.
It ain't over yet.
Julia proposed a different project to the commission.
I'm tired of covering for you.
Joe plans to appeal his conviction.
Would you mind sharing your table?
Anna has no musical skill, but she loves to sing.
That scar will never heal.
This hotel has a magnificent view of the sea.
Though this be madness, yet there is method in't.
But he checks the menu before it.
How much should I be feeding my dog?
This tree bears a lot of fruit.
William pushed the log with the fire poker.
I should get back to my quarters.
I might be able to squeeze it in.
Margaret exposed herself to danger.
Will you please connect me with Tommy?
Adam is dressed in an inappropriate manner.
What's the freezing point of water?
Children are a blessing.
Free entry.
Marco's house is very big.
The student took to heart the judge's critical comments on his speech.
We are all part of the global economy.
What's all the buzz about?
Alex certainly impressed the judges.
Jack's younger brother is dumb as a brick.
It's a deadly poison.
There's a pile of cash on the floor in the middle of William's office.
I don't have a daddy.
He wrote a letter with great facility.
I'd prefer to have a reception in my house.
Princess Diana died in a car crash.
The communication recently has been lost with the team.
The table is next to the fridge.
Those twins are identical, not only their faces, but also in their characters.
Oliver never laughs at any of Mary's jokes.
Jesus hates you.
The nation's leaders had no choice.
The foundation of a college was her great ambition.
I hate people who smoke in non-smoking areas.
We'll have to pull an all-nighter.
That joke is offensive on so many levels.
Let me buy you gentlemen a drink.
The man was banging a blow-up doll.
In our park, we have a nice slide for children to play on.
Jami helps his colleagues.
Oliver is a ladies' man.
On a neighbor's horse, the burden isn't heavy.
He left the room on my entering it.
It's not easy to pick out the best actors for this play.
Hello, darling!
Payment is required in advance.
Oliver spent an hour creating his character in the game.
I heard Anna humming to herself while she washed dishes.
The chief justice will swear in the president.
I miss Michael Jackson.
Let me hear your frank opinion.
Joe's nuts about the girl.
William is my agent.
Paul is not as fast as me.
Besides being a businessman, he is a musician.
Today is a holy day for us.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
You have sexy eyes.
Dan walked into the room where Linda and Matt were talking.
These police officers are corrupt.
I am a giant!
What did you plant in your garden this year?
Kelly has an eye for good English.
Let's switch seats.
Julia was invited to the royal ball.
Should we arrest them?
The walls of this apartment are weather-beaten after many years of wind and rain.
Nobody is interested in knowing what are your favorite sexual positions.
Most of the jobs carried out by the special forces are secret.
It Muhammad continues doing that, Alice will get mad.
Lucy is out front honking her horn.
He received a golden watch as a prize.
Harrison's men continued to chase the enemy.
Is the rat alive or dead?
Call me Harry, if you don't mind.
Oliver says Alice is his soul mate and that they were made for each other.
Oliver and Laur stayed at the Grand Hotel.
The location isn't the problem.
You're a regular customer here, aren't you?
You screwed her?
Harry entered without knocking.
Joe told me he thought Catherine was disgusting.
When we know what God is, we shall be gods ourselves.
I saw Oscar picking his neighbor's flowers.
It was a freak accident.
James wants to press charges against you.
Harry started the season with a bang.
Where's the director?
Alex wants to become a physical therapist.
All my software is open source.
The princess dressed as a boy to escape from the palace.
The road turns a bit to the west.
Tommy's a threat.
The miracle writes about a bass.
The moon moves around the earth.
I'm not talking to you, I am talking to the monkey.
Can you be a Christian and support gay marriage at the same time?
Harry has no school spirit.
It's not Oliver who needs protection. It's me.
Mum and I are dying with laughter.
Tommy shot one of the guards.
A good idea presented itself.
The snow will soon disappear.
George and his friends are planning to rob a bank.
Mary told me to get out of her van.
Type the number as I spell it.
Jami was on the other side of town at the time of the shooting.
This elevator is capable of carrying 10 persons at a time.
Where art thou?
This isn't the first time that Adam has broken a bone.
The water rose to a level of 10 meters.
My most favorite style of music is pop music.
I was wondering if I could have a minute with Adam.
William is such a sweetheart.
William says grace before eating.
It is necessary to look towards the future: whoever doesn't look forward doesn't progress; and as you make your bed, so you must lie on it.
The birds are flying around.
However, Lucy is about to leave her home.
That's mostly right.
I don't use social media.
Jack said that the men he saw going into the bank had the weapons.
What direction is east?
He's quite a nice fellow but I don't like him.
I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness.
Jami never shows up on time.
He is above the ordinary type of student.
Valentina made an angel in the snow.
His head broke the surface.
I'm stuck on the fourth question.
Pardon?
This is my destiny.
We need to cut red tape.
The village was destroyed by the dragon.
Do you believe that James and Laur were murdered?
This spider is very common in Southern Africa.
A sin confessed is half forgiven.
Japan is ruled by an emperor and Spain by a king.
Here's where we separate the men from the boys.
Who was George shouting at?
What happened to the rest of your crew?
Time is precious.
Uncle asked: "What is three plus four?"
California is beautiful.
I think that William didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row.
He stole every single penny.
Don't read the comments section!
The rubbish dump stinks.
I believe it's time to wake Robert up.
Nobody got zero in that test.
Merry Christmas to you, too.
Everybody is cheering.
Please store in a cool and dry place, out of direct sunlight.
Don't sacrifice yourself for other people.
My grandpa is out of step with the younger generation.
They gave him both material and spiritual support.
I see the target.
Every creature is a word of God.
Of the ship, not a trace was to be seen.
Chris noticed Kate walking through the neighborhood with a strange boy.
He pointed a range of questions.
She will often listen to records for hours.
The nurse gave them flu shots.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization.
Joe and Julia are going to freeze to death.
I don't drag them.
Several of the reports were missing.
She was the last guest.
Life without beloved person has no sense.
I'd like to spend a few moments with Joe alone.
Where's your warrant?
What language do they speak in Mexico?
This is the best school in the county.
This series will be remembered for a long time to come.
The road that leads to the hotel is narrow.
These are ours.
Tommy has good vision.
The bodies were tied by their feet and hands.
His reply was negative.
Curse on all laws but those which love has made!
Look how big my shadow is.
Jami sure screams a lot.
Anna is really gorgeous.
Men seek but one thing in life—their pleasure.
The bullet missed Muhammad.
The base is surrounded.
Oscar goes from Boston to Chicago with his car via the usual route.
That's why they pay us the big bucks.
He is leading an easy life in the country.
In the summer of that year, more Japanese troops moved into China.
Laurie is going to the United Kingdom for vacation.
I asked Oliver to come over to collect my mail and feed my cat while I'm out of town.
She is not Anna.
William asked Margaret to wave to him from the balcony.
George put a chain on the dog.
William is one of our former clients.
It's not a smoking device.
Is it true that you connected this old computer to the Internet?
Jacob knew almost everyone in the audience.
Oliver and I were witnesses.
Have at thee, coward!
George looked at the snow falling inside the snow globe.
Jack works as a TV announcer.
The wind still blows hard.
He's not a virgin anymore.
A is enough, but B is not enough.
They wouldn't stop hitting me.
Oscar has fully recovered.
Along with thousands of others, he fled the country.
Jami forced Lucy to eat a frog.
Don't cut that wire.
They formed themselves into a circle.
I work in a special unit.
Be quiet. If you aren't quiet, you'll be thrown out.
You're such a pig.
We should provide for unexpected events.
You must be willing to commit to the program for at least a year.
Linda is my new British friend.
Jacob wore a suit to the interview.
His acts of courage brought him glory.
We thought his silence meant he approved.
A tiger is larger and stronger than a cat.
Aren't you a chef?
This cloth is sold by the yard.
Elizabeth immediately began playing again.
There's no more oxygen in the tank.
I must admit that, despite loving our friendship, I think I'm also starting to love you.
I've been wanting to do that all day.
Marie, Anna and Maria are friends.
There are many ships in the harbor.
The services at the hotel are first-rate.
What's the difference between a duck?
More than 1000 issues are listed on the stock exchange.
This movie is based on a true story.
The hunter was alert to every sound and movement.
Tommy lets Catherine do whatever she wants to do.
I went to Oscar's funeral.
Please fill the bucket up with sand.
I must have made a slip somewhere.
I'd like to organize a block party.
Muhammad's hands began to shake.
The market opens at 9:00 a.m.
You ruined your clothing.
I will be here two hours earlier than previously said.
I wish I had had my seat belt on.
It's a fascinating theory.
The man who lives next door is Lucy's lover.
Don't answer me back like that, Anne.
Both of Jami's brothers are in custody.
The demon is dead.
The priest is a good man.
She failed in her attempt to swim the Channel.
We learned why the French Revolution broke out.
Jacob is well respected in the community.
Another empire is going to be destroyed.
Sally gave me a good piece of information.
God bless America.
The party was organized by Mac.
I thought we settled that matter last night.
Both songs were big hits.
George is basically a nice man.
James is pushing his luck.
It is one thing to promise, and another to perform.
This movie has French subtitles.
You signed for the delivery.
In our district there is a big library.
The following is my actual address.
Adam and Alice hired themselves an assistant.
Alex is sobbing.
Anna's latest game is very moving, but I have to admit it's not very fun.
Come swing with me.
Oliver is the brother of one of the victims.
The man is chasing the woman.
I drank so much orange juice and almost shit my pants on the tour bus.
Once gold was less valuable than silver in Japan.
Mr. Johnson isn't in his house now.
It's a pity that he had died so young.
A large army and navy would be needed.
They wiped out an entire species.
We went to Vegas and we had the time of our lives.
It was quite a struggle for him to get this far.
The house is burning.
Don't take your mask off.
He talks without stopping.
She was sending him mixed signals.
Jean is eating a banana.
But stupid guys aren't impressive to girls.
We already know Jacob is unique.
I heard our dog barking all night.
You guys suck.
This company is famous for its high-quality production.
In the next four years, 15 billion euros must be saved.
Oliver is a sensitive child.
She looked at her cell phone and noticed that it was already a quarter till two.
Jami ran out of bullets.
Muhammad came to my defense.
Do Germans eat a lot of pork meat?
Oscar did it out of the goodness of his heart.
Charlie washed the dirt off his face.
The king always wears a crown.
I've been dreaming a lot lately.
He's in the joint.
We're firing you.
What's your favorite episode from season two?
I don't know why Jack is whispering.
Betty drives very fast.
My father isn't really in favour of our marriage, because John still hasn't got a job.
Should I take the picture with or without flash?
Don't talk in such a high and mighty way.
The dog is rolling over on the ground.
Do you have time on Tuesday?
He mentioned a book the title of which I can't remember now.
Susie wanted to pee.
The wedding ceremony was performed in the morning.
"Yes, we have met before," said Mr Jordan.
Fortunately I was well trained.
This building needs a massive face-lift.
That's really noble of you.
How was Los Angeles?
The water supply has failed.
Tommy's children were kidnapped.
I like the new South African flag.
You say "poor", but there are many degrees of poverty.
Get your gear.
They are against nuclear power.
The surrender terms were harsh.
Snakes are cold-blooded creatures.
My father was a civil servant, and my mother wasn't doing anything either.
The police will put you behind bars.
They gathered in the gym.
He was charged with assault and battery.
Many people have died on this trail.
Jacob has two partners.
I confessed to both crimes.
Jacob is way out of your league.
I'd love to give him a blast.
I've arranged for a dinner tomorrow night.
Today's theme is: "How can you find a way out when there's no way out?"
He sits in comfort and reads rapidly.
Monica sort of took me under her wing.
Oliver had an allergic reaction.
He felt like he'd been betrayed.
How would you like to work under those conditions?
Isn't that just a legend?
We don't need to do that everyday.
You designed this, didn't you?
Torture is wrong.
All the boys thought Carol was a dog.
I'm on the deck.
I'm going to rip up this piece of paper.
Catherine announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother or sister.
After Jami dumped Margaret, she started seeing John.
I'm not Jewish, but my father is.
President Wilson accepted Germany's apology.
First day on the job, huh?
Say it ain't so!
May the Lord reward you for this.
Children, daddy's back, and he has brought each of you a gift!
He never laughs at my jokes.
Child, my name is Jesus and I'm your father.
The two of us will pull you out of here somehow.
Do you know those gentlemen?
Do you ladies need some help?
Is something wrong, darling?
What were the chief events of 1990?
How's everything these days, Frank?
He is an FBI agent.
Paul has dry hair.
Muhammad is the only person I know besides myself who likes to do that.
Nothing is holy.
Congratulations on your victory.
I knew that Oliver was afraid that the police might arrest him.
We just hope it continues.
He failed to wake Harry up.
Look at this grand view of the ocean.
I'm speaking with the director.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't break my promise.
Democracy is one form of government.
Emma hasn't lost her fighting spirit.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
That idea never presented itself then.
A white van pulled up outside the house.
Someone's shooting.
The mountain is 2000 meters above sea level.
I'll pop by at the start of the holidays.
I was wondering if you can speak French.
Good morning, sweetheart.
Their grace comes from hard work, sweat, and pain.
Jacob and Laur will help whoever asks them to help.
Birds are flying in the air.
What sorts of weapons did they have?
Light comes from the East.
He is a good fellow.
We could have a problem if Oliver shows up early.
He was a very handsome boy, he had the face of an angel.
Pardon me, but that is my racket.
The governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge.
William couldn't possibly have murdered Emma.
We could hear the dogs shouting in the street.
Adam is a member of my crew.
My father's name is Robert.
Grandpa bought it for me!
The bomb missed its target.
Chris recognized the boy from his math class and became very jealous.
These records will make for a pleasant party.
Are you a real nurse?
Adam is my guest.
If your books have not come, take ours.
They had burns all over their bodies.
Peter screams from his throat.
We were afraid that we might be hit by a bullet, so we ran downstairs.
Muhammad got to 3rd base with Eva.
"Ten bucks." "How about five?"
Anna is a little girl.
It is a must for an actor to know his audience.
They're falling through the cracks.
What's the difference between A and B?
Thousands and thousands of soldiers lost their lives.
Because of his illness, he was forced to put off the meeting.
Tommy called me a pig.
That's a British accent.
I'd like to interview them.
We sat together in silence for some time.
The chef came over at our table.
My brother is living in San Diego.
It's a story based on a real event.
I will definitely go to your funeral.
The checked player must find a way for the king to escape and block the check.
I'd like a chocolate shake.
Adam opens the windows every morning as soon as he gets to his office.
The cat ruined my sofa.
I hope my theory of what happened to the plane is wrong.
Jack is a very generous lover.
Jack didn't want to become a priest.
Bless someone today.
Humans are basically all the same.
She works as an assistant to the manager.
William said he knew that both of the victims.
Where can we go on that tour?
His hair has turned silver.
What a pity I don't have a garden.
James realized the only to get out of the burning building was to jump out the window.
Math doesn't suck, you do.
Muhammad is an expert witness for the defense.
I did that out of the goodness of my heart.
Hong Kong was returned to China in 1997.
Huh? What is this? They're not going to use my proposal?
Ain't she cute?
We suggested to my lord: The boy cannot leave his father: for if he leave him, he will die.
Where did Daddy go?
Joe is the only one who laughs at Mary's jokes.
The Devil is afraid of you, Jesus.
Since the favorite and his rival were running against each other a dark horse like him was able to pull out in front.
Who are these gentlemen whom you have brought with you?
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for the ladies."
"Dad." "Yes, darling." "I think that Mom... I think that Mom is having an affair."
I'm the chief engineer.
You're just a little too frank.
The agent built up the young singer.
What do they call you? They call me "Paul."
There was no one in the room besides Oliver and Julia.
Do you think that chest hair is sexy?
Dan went to London with his son, Matt, and his daughter, Linda.
No officers were shot.
There are giant snakes on this island.
This plant is native to Canada.
Kelly brought the matter to light.
I felt for the light switch in the dark.
This land belongs to the Royal Family.
You got the walls all dirty.
He doesn't want you to talk about your sexual life to him.
Our forces occupied the city.
What's the golden rule?
For shame, dirty girls! How can you chase after that young man through the field? Is that decent?
I think that's rat poison.
Hold it, are you kidding me? Why'd we wanna go to such a remote location?
I lead a regular life.
Now we're screwed!
Who could be knocking at the door at this time of night?
They look disgusting.
Our gods are dead.
I'm picking my nose.
Promise me you won't freak out.
They made many charges.
I got a bang out of her party.
Move the neck slowly from one side to the other. It's an excellent physical exercise.
What's your favorite open source software?
Those ruins were once a splendid palace.
Jack isn't a threat.
It's a miracle he's still alive.
We believed that the earth moves round the sun.
I am a being of light in the body of a monkey.
Jack is a Christian.
The drums of war are beating.
This is for your protection.
The guards didn't see you.
If only her husband would help her, most of her problems would disappear.
James informed the police about John's plan to rob the bank.
Do you know how to spell Jami's last name?
Thou art That.
Joe was nothing but skin and bone.
Lucy looked after my dog.
Oscar mostly talked about his trip.
Why is it the mass media didn't report this?
I'm deeply grateful for your kindness.
He is nothing but an ordinary man.
Water makes up most of the earth's surface.
April is the fourth month of the year.
It's our destiny.
Charlie is riding a dragon around Boston.
Many people in Africa speak French.
I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be an emperor.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be released.
These books are very precious to us.
Dan noticed the California license plate on Linda's car.
I like to sit in the front row.
I do not even have a penny.
He works in the planning section.
James is going to dump Alice.
I had zero control.
Mary was merry.
We had better protect our eyes from direct sunlight.
He refused to sacrifice his principles for money.
The human being is a creature of habit.
Joe disappeared without a trace.
I'm not moving out of range of that telephone.
Please freeze the fish and meat.
They intend to drag the river for the missing person.
He reports to me.
He lost his beloved son.
There are good and bad moments in live.
I'd like to see your warrant.
He went to Mexico to work as a teacher of English.
This county is poor in natural resources.
I'm going to ask you a series of questions.
Jami has a vision.
I don't want to sound negative, but...
The curse was broken.
He fears his own shadow.
You are gorgeous.
When I was a kid, we used to play hide and seek quite a lot.
I've planned our route.
My sister played the leading character.
The troops had plenty of arms.
Your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.
Do you collect coins?
The wave knocked me off my feet.
I don't have a chain saw, but I know somebody who does.
We need to get more clients in this.
The telephone is one wonderful device.
Joe hasn't connected to the Internet yet.
Were there any witnesses?
I raised thee up under the apple tree.
James works as an announcer on television.
As the wind blows, so does his jacket.
As I thought, she's a virgin!
Oliver saw Olivia hitting one of her children.
Neither Muhammad nor Lucy has fully recovered.
Oliver likes talking about politics and philosophy.
If you touch that wire, you'll get a shock.
They formed a circle.
I feel like I've been thrown in the deep end.
Please come prepared to provide your comments.
She's trying to commit suicide.
He didn't exactly cover himself in glory.
There's a tiger right behind you.
There is a yard of cloth.
The girl was called Elizabeth after her grandmother.
Alex spent hours looking at the fish in the tank.
Even at that early age the other children could probably tell there was something wrong, despite the fact that I never suspected anything of the sort; and this was to be the case for a long time to come.
Charlie decided to go ahead and ask Margaret the question he had been wanting to ask.
Marie played.
The ships were made from wood.
How often do you attend religious services?
Where is the rubber duck?
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
Have you ever been treated for a mental disorder?
Every movement is painful.
Jack never lets anybody do anything.
Fill the bucket up with sand.
Slip on your shoes.
Previously people believed the earth was flat.
Two things children should get from their parents: roots and wings!
The red belt makes her black dress look even better.
"Whatever's the matter now, Anne?" she asked.
The police took Dan into custody.
He is a demon.
She was successful in the attempt.
We need a political revolution.
He sacrificed himself for the sake of the empire.
Sally was very sad about not going home for the holidays.
Mac and cheese is Jami's favorite food.
Harry is still getting settled.
We know that Harry sometimes hits Mary.
He's pushing fifty.
Adam didn't perform well.
I have a delivery for them.
I know this district.
The actual price was lower than I thought it would be.
I heard you sobbing.
Our latest results are the fruit of his furious efforts.
The party's in full swing.
I'm not chasing them away from here.
Is Mr Johnson in?
I joined the Navy.
The last male of that species died last year.
Jack lost his shirt in Vegas.
Every day is a struggle.
Susie pulled the mask off her face.
The bus went by without stopping.
Adam was sending her mixed signals.
Jean and Kate are twins.
It was really impressive.
What makes it unique?
If you think it was my fault, you're barking up the wrong tree.
Paper production remained a state secret for a long time.
The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.
I have very sensitive skin.
He'll come at quarter past three.
I have just a few bullets left.
We have a lot of rain in June.
You're Germans, aren't you?
She washed the dirt off her face.
You're the light of my eyes ... and crown of my head.
I was probably dreaming.
Do you and your husband have a joint checking account?
They started firing.
I hate it when I work late and end up missing an episode of a show I'm following.
I heard you guys whispering.
Jim wrote the letter for Betty.
Can you do me a favour?
I left your flash drive at home.
Just what makes you so high and mighty?
I'm rolling in cash.
The party has been put off until next Tuesday.
The thread title's wrong.
I went to have a pee.
Jami performed the ceremony.
Having asked Jordan to watch after the house, I went out.
I trained with elite soldiers.
I am certain that you have noble thoughts.
There was no class, due to a problem with the water supply to the school.
Muhammad and Alice have been kidnapped.
She went to Los Angeles for the purpose of studying dancing.
How many colours does your country's flag have?
She is getting better by slow degrees.
Grab your gear.
The age of nuclear power is not yet over.
We surrender.
People are creatures of habit.
His mother refused to pay for his education so while at college he worked as a servant to pay his way.
I want her behind bars.
She spends many hours at the gym to lose weight.
Jack has been arrested three times for assault.
Oscar ate some trail mix.
We were partners.
Oscar gave Susie a diamond bracelet.
Adam confessed to both crimes.
She's way out of my league.
Blast!
I've already arranged for that to happen.
Comfort them.
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows.
I'm having an allergic reaction and my phone won't recognize me.
Alex said that he felt betrayed.
What conditions are attached?
The animal became a local legend.
I'm learning something new everyday.
I designed it.
Coffee is the holy drink of university students.
Thank you all for the congratulations!
The torture continued for hours.
Carol lives in Chicago.
Pick a card, write your name on it and put it back in the deck.
James tried to rip us off.
Jami dumped Mary's body in the river.
Am I Jewish?
Wilson clearly had the best chance to win.
Did you arrest them?
It George continues doing that, Lucy will get angry.
Harry had to back out of the competition because of a broken arm.
Could you take me to the Grand Hotel?
"If you don't listen to what I have to say, Tommy, I'll tell everyone your secret!" "Huh? What secret?"
I want to see the director of the company.
Maybe therapy would help.
George has been drinking very heavily.
Are you out of your skull?
Carlos waited a moment.
We're almost out of fuel.
We must complete the bond by the end of this year.
Alice's office is two miles west of her house.
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
I've been living like a monk.
Many scientists knew him.
When Marcus arrived, I was sleeping.
Representative democracy is one form of government.
It is possible that this word will be considered standard in the future.
They drove a tunnel through the hill.
I'm blessed with good health.
An important quality of steel is its strength.
He lost his spirit.
The children haven't studied division yet.
You aren't really going to get rid of your classic car, are you?
I didn't realise.
I thought I would die of laughter.
My sister's son Jimmy is my favorite nephew.
I'm going to eat the rest of the spaghetti sauce when I get home.
For the past seven days, our entire computer network has been down.
Jack has been charged with all three murders.
Adam used to live deep in the jungle.
A great idea presented itself in my mind.
He lies all the way. I ain't cheated.
Is this our exit?
That red car hit the blue van.
Charlie spit out his gum.
It broke my heart to see her begging for food.
The water is crystal clear.
The shooting occurred early Monday.
Give Muhammad an inch and he'll take a mile.
What's Adam's status?
Do not kill Edward; it is good to fear.
We use only the best brand of wine.
Can you tell me how to get to the town centre?
The mountain is 5,000 meters above sea level.
Today I watched a play of a script written by a friend.
Tommy confirmed that that happened.
Seal the room.
I got a bug in my eye and I can't get it out.
Do you have the most recent version of this software?
Please pop the trunk.
We had you under surveillance.
I was wondering if Tommy and Mary are dating.
Why don't you come to work for this clinic?
I love you, sweetheart.
He said grace before eating.
She's a traitor.
Who the heck's book is this?
Whoever could that be at this time of night?
First, we decide on that which needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
We're flying back to Boston on Monday.
From where do you hail?
That ship goes abroad from this port.
She asked her husband to go and fetch some milk.
I'm sure you already know the routine.
The Lord spoke to me.
There are big stones on the ground.
He won a dramatic success.
He is the principal of the high school.
He works in the fields.
Hand over your weapons.
She stopped in her tracks.
He moved to the East Coast.
James is a pretty good fellow when you get to know him.
The airplane is ready for landing.
According to the vice president, the company has yet to receive a contract from a foreign company.
The history of this practice shows that it is far from being a perfect solution.
You look like an angel.
This did not satisfy Oscar, and the relationship between them became more distant.
How do we have to proceed in this case?
Don't get off while the vehicle is in motion.
Pardon me! I forgot your first name. Oh no, I remember. Your name is Maria.
My son often worries me by asking a lot of questions.
Tommy picked up the tape measure.
"All Quiet on the Western Front"
James wasn't murdered.
William and Emma still call their father Daddy.
It sounded crazy.
The minister doesn't want to resign.
Leave me not thus alone.
Alex is shouting at Catherine.
Oscar met the same fate as the rest of the crew.
What he said to Beth was nothing less than an insult to her.
All children love to run and skip.
Our hero claims a warrior's heart.
Nobody ever laughs at my jokes.
This tourist looks like Jesus.
It's better for you to keep out of private affairs.
You forgot our wedding anniversary.
What concerns the citizens of today?
He left part of his estate to his son Robert.
I heard a car pull up.
Can I help you gentlemen?
James remains out on bail.
I found a gift underneath my pillow.
Your prayer will be answered.
Can I use your ladies' room?
He said his conscience was clear.
Our new headquarters are in Tokyo.
Grandpa bought this for me.
Change target.
It will surely by useful for your future to put forth this much effort.
What is it, darling?
Chris didn't have a car.
Heroes like that are the pride of one's country.
I have no less than one thousand records.
He's had a big chip on his shoulder ever since he was passed up for promotion.
The last time I saw Carmen she was dressed in a nurse's uniform.
My computer has frozen.
He admitted his guilt.
Charlie did a lousy job.
The cat chased the mouse, but couldn't catch it.
There's a guy in there with a gun. I need backup.
I had my hat blown off by the wind.
Do not venture to come out of your homes.
Now, Europe seems to be the Paradise.
I was not going to keep up the family tradition.
She laid her ideas before her chief.
Now then, let's get this problem cleared up.
Well there aren't any other positions left. After that, all that is left is basic member.
Nobody can replace William.
William pushed Susie off the edge of the cliff.
Her name is of Greek origin.
It's a strip mall.
So, be my guest!
His house is near the underground.
Adam heard footsteps and looked up.
All women like diamonds.
I am John, Frank. I tell you “I run”.
Are you recording us right now?
Their school and ours are sister schools.
Harry needed help digging the hole.
Several bodies were discovered.
In 2024, there will be a robot in every home.
The bullet went right through his head.
I stole a base.
You look like a million bucks.
I'm returning to Boston.
He who has a real friend can say he has two souls.
Anna gladly eats chocolate.
Please leave your message at the sound of the beep.
The motive for the murder isn't yet known.
After dropping Monica at her home, Jacob headed back to the office.
The magic of his words attracted the audience.
Jacob knows the territory.
I think that timing is really important.
The children played in the ball pit.
William got worried when he learned about the medicine's side effects.
Long on A and short on B.
I feel as old as the hills.
Thousands were killed or wounded.
I was forced to sign that confession.
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
Harry ate like a pig.
Are they criminals?
She lives on another plane of existence.
A loyal brother helps his sister.
She had heard nothing from her agent for a month.
The British acted too late.
What would you like to do in the meantime?
Can we interview Jack?
They're testing new equipment.
The silence was broken by a loud cough.
Are you freaking serious?
I know that William is a good chef.
I'm trying to resist the urge to do that.
Both Tommy and I saw Catherine slap John.
This is Oliver speaking. I'd like to speak to Ann.
Paul ran his hand through his hair.
Muhammad was about to take a bath when the doorbell rang.
Do you trust my judgment?
They ought to talk to their lawyers.
The heavens are opening. I'll take my leave.
James's death was a homicide.
His ideas are based on his experience.
We're about to go out on patrol.
You've earned it.
I saw Charlie at the funeral today.
Any student of this school must learn one more foreign language besides English.
I hate rats.
I didn't block her on Facebook.
Do fries go with that shake?
He is merely a child.
The door opens and in walks my friend.
Adam lives in a world of fantasy.
Lucy ruined her clothing.
She has lovers for every day of the week.
There's no signature on this letter.
Would you think about marrying me?
My life is like a fairy tale.
He applied this theory to his case.
He was elected chairman.
These are two pictures with a nice frame.
He is a lover of sports.
Tommy is sure to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.
I want to become a priest.
Muhammad let out a sigh of relief.
We were concerned for the community.
Bless you!
Who did you see at the theatre?
I basically like your plan.
How does that impact you today?
Jack didn't mean any offense.
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.
Charlie picked up the black knight and moved it across the board.
Are you the new assistant?
She said her son wasn't a terrorist.
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
The gates were closed.
The old man had a long grey beard.
I'm going to take you on a tour.
Silver is cheaper than gold.
People took pity on the orphan.
I didn't know the exact procedure.
They're carrying out a book burning.
George took his parents' car for a spin without permission and crashed it.
The hostages are facing death.
Alex is the class clown.
We heard the church bells.
Adam has confessed that he was the one stole Catherine necklace.
He often dates Susie.
I changed my profile picture.
We suck.
Alex is such a moron.
Harry ripped me off.
That day, the most important invention of humanity was born.
Alex is in extreme pain.
Where did you chop them?
I play better on defense.
My goodness, what's going on here?
My heart beats fast each time I see her.
Technically, I wasn't lying.
An experiment that is not using scientific control methods is worth nothing.
He pat his son on the back.
It'll be a stretch for me.
The romance is gone.
These potato chips are good enough to make you want more.
And that one over there is Mars.
Apple is one of America's biggest companies.
The car went around the corner on two wheels.
At this point, my confusion was absolute.
Go and buy three bottles of coke.
Do you like tea with milk or lemon?
The extraordinary session of the Diet will last four weeks.
We'll be right back after this commercial break.
William is a dog walker.
I didn't sneak up on Harry.
That guy cannot handle his liquor.
I know the drill.
I am called Juan.
Jacob began threatening Olivia.
I wouldn't want to run into him in a dark alley.
The world is on the edge of destruction.
Oscar didn't know what to do with all the junk Carmen had given him.
They are going to send up a rocket.
William's a very good fighter.
We had some ideas kicking around.
Laur broke out of her shell.
Give me liberty or death!
She wished to punish only those responsible.
Jami had to live with the consequences of his actions.
We protected ourselves against danger.
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.
Food supplies at the fort were very low.
They would capture as many people as possible.
I'm sorry that we dragged you into this.
Out of all human emotions, only envy is sincere.
They are artists.
The suspects fled the scene.
Please scale the fish.
Adam and Laur own a vacation home in Florida.
My father was religious and he was a very moral man.
I hope I can drive your car without any troubles.
William hurt his knee when he fell down.
You have to dig deeper.
But you don't want to bend the knees too much.
I've moved out of my parent's house.
That counts for something.
I don't have an alibi either.
You should tell Jacob that Julia is planning on joining the team.
The Allies were filled with bitter anger.
Where is the locker?
The people for the experiment were chosen at random.
How long is this blade?
To this day we call them Indians.
When they sat down, invisible hands passed them things to eat and to drink, and they ate and drank to their heart's content.
That is the most intense pain I have ever felt.
He sent me a brief letter.
He's rotten to the core.
Joan caught her breath when she saw the sight.
He confessed all his sins.
I told you that she was blonde.
I'm guessing you didn't buy this yourself.
I spent the entire morning filling out these forms.
I could write even poetry in Arabic.
The jet plane took off in an instant.
Every serial killer was somebody's baby once.
She followed the path of least resistance.
Oscar loves his tools.
The police is still investigating the mysterious death of the professor.
I got your goat.
The policeman separated the two men who were fighting.
Susie is a pro, isn't she?
I'm from upper state New York.
Mothers should love all their children equally.
How are ye?
The party with the most votes got fifty-one percent of the votes.
My colleague filled in for me while I was sick.
Did he eat his beans by himself then?
Tommy sends his love.
Who fights can lose. Who doesn't fight has already lost.
Mary went into her dressing room.
Oliver has a warehouse in Boston.
She doesn't remember how many plates we have to bring.
I maintain that sports are a waste of time.
I'm being held hostage.
Relationships are extremely important.
He comes back from Sydney today.
The Spain is great at keeping possession.
September is the first month of the school year in Israel.
He recorded a documentary and gave it to me.
These products are superior to theirs.
Could you get me a soda?
Children often rub their eyes when they are tired.
Do you charge a commission?
Charlie is covering up for me.
Let's appeal to the public and see what it will say.
Do you guys mind sharing a room?
Learning a musical instrument trains the mind.
Words wound more easily than they heal.
The dog-eared pages made the book less valuable.
You were magnificent.
We must do something to stop this madness.
This is a huge development.
I'm closing two checks, yes?
There is going to be a show-down between management and labor.
William is the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
Bears are very dangerous.
Click on "log in" at the top-right corner of the screen.
Tommy quarters are near the camp.
Jacob tried to squeeze into the jeans he had worn when he was a teenager.
I exposed myself to danger.
Will you please connect me with Mr Smith?
He started acting in a childish manner.
It's freezing outside.
Jack has given his blessing.
You need an entry ticket.
From which city are Marco and Maria? Maria and Marco are from Rome.
Don't be so critical.
Think global, act local.
I'll give Harry a buzz.
Young people are often poor judges of their own abilities.
Somebody threw a brick through my window.
He fell a victim to a deadly disease.
This one was on top of the pile.
There was a cheese and wine reception.
I don't think you are a fit little girl for Diana to associate with. You'd better go home and behave yourself.
E-mailing is a fast means of communication.
Our fridge is broken.
The number of *****s in the hint has no relation to the number of characters in the word.
Germany's leaders were losing hope.
This house has a solid foundation.
He was successful in several areas.
James doesn’t age. He just levels up.
Stop banging on the door!
I climbed the slide.
He lost his colleagues' trust.
I feel that I am a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me.
Knock at the door before entering.
I love these actors.
Please use the information below for your payment.
The children are creating a painting.
Tommy heard someone humming his favorite tune.
It's been a really long day, huh.
They hate me 'cause they ain't me!
My Lord I lose the game.
Is daddy going to be arrested?
Nobody laughs at his jokes.
"Did Jesus walk over water and then turn it into wine?" "No, that's a different story!"
Pull your hand out.
Listen, gentlemen.
I don't know any of the five ladies.
"Oh, darling," she said, "sit down, relax, and close your eyes."
The Diet is the chief organ of government in Japan.
He is a frank person and easy to talk to.
Olivia is a real estate agent.
I love Paul as if he were my father.
How can I translate words that don't exist in any language besides my own?
We came back by way of Hong Kong.
Congratulations on your win!
Did you arrest her?
Charlie continues to support the project.
Harry, I'm worried.
Alex had a grand time.
Who became the new director?
Which way is west?
Oliver and Julia haven't lost their fighting spirit.
The laughter died down.
A new difficulty presented itself.
Jacob drove a van here today.
Look at that shooting star.
Tommy likes pop music.
He stayed awake all night wondering why the deal went wrong.
He married his high school sweetheart.
George has fallen from grace.
Invite whoever you like.
Joe and Mary are flying to Australia tomorrow.
Adam and Anna hid their weapons.
The place where my mother was born is located in the east of our country.
Oscar is a dim-witted but good-hearted fellow.
Oliver and Anna don't like the same kind of TV shows.
What an angel!
He asked our pardon for making a mistake.
I need that tape.
It isn't like Joe murdered somebody.
The Prime Minister is to make a statement tomorrow.
James heard Catherine shouting for help.
All the crew left except for William.
They call Robert "Bob".
Where does your grandpa live?
George is an easy target.
Chris injured his leg playing tennis and is in a lot of pain.
The secretary was asked to file past records.
Oliver's mother was a nurse.
I work here, I'm not a guest.
The decision is ours to make.
They have found several bodies.
Please don't make me waste a bullet on you.
He threw the ball to first base.
That was the best twenty bucks I've ever spent.
Are you Anna?
Oliver noticed Laur sitting in the audience.
Jami and Monica's marriage is falling apart.
I'd like two one-way tickets from A to B.
What happened to the ancient Romans?
Thousands of people are killed on the roads.
I forced you to be to present and alert.
I used to eat like a pig.
The people of Boston hated the British soldiers.
George wore his best suit to his job interview.
They watched me in silence.
Our chef is very busy today.
His new novel is based on his own experiences.
Charlie's family showed a video of his life at his funeral.
Charlie and Alice live in the biggest house on the block.
I felt the floor shake.
Jim opens the door.
Muhammad is ruined.
I can't understand his theory at all.
You're a cat lover, aren't you?
I thought that you said that George was a priest.
Laur is very active in her community.
May God continue to bless the United States of America.
Basically, run for your life.
Tommy has been a teacher's assistant for several years.
These were victims of war, so to speak.
Adam gave us a quick tour of his house.
I see silver, but I don't see gold.
First the good God made Man, then He made Woman. After this, He took pity on Man, and gave him tobacco.
I almost got killed when I went into the burning house to save James.
What do you have to say in your defense?
He's strong and sexy.
That experiment led to a great discovery.
Dan left his daughter Linda with Matt.
There are two police officers at door.
We had beaten a football giant.
Little is known of this curious plant.
Don't switch the subject.
He is of royal blood.
All the walls in my house need painted.
Is this a sexual thing?
Special forces might do a lot of bad things but they never talk about them.
Why did you decide to learn to play the English horn?
Isn't that the Golden Gate Bridge?
Don't chase after fame.
Jami made me kill the rat.
That place's food is delicious and their prices are low. However, their location isn't good.
I know Oliver is a regular customer.
You are screwed.
He is knocking on his eyes in hunger.
What a disgusting idea!
We are only people, not gods.
You're picking up some bad habits from us.
Muhammad is trying not to freak out.
No charges were ever brought.
I heard a loud bang.
I know that James wants to become a physical therapist.
It's not open source software.
Then the Queen said, "You allowed me to take with me that which I loved best in the palace, and so I took you."
I've got a queen of hearts.
It is a threat.
I can hope for a miracle, can't I?
Everything moves fast in this city.
A monkey is mature at a few years old.
She was a Christian in life.
His heart is beating. I can hear it.
He did not think he needed their protection.
The guards didn't see us.
Whatever happens, I ain't telling nobody about it.
Quite frustrated, we saw our dreams disappear.
Joe told me he planned to rob a bank.
Would you please tell me how to spell that word?
Thou art very beautiful.
No bone was broken.
Do you know if Lucy can speak Japanese?
Save me, Lord, from my friends, I will deal with my enemies myself!
They are mostly polite.
Do you feel that the media presents the news fairly?
Her parents are very beautiful, but she looks ordinary.
Land and water make up the earth's surface.
The fourth period was moved up to the third.
Everyone ought to be the master of their own destiny.
George rode a dragon around Boston.
Daddy used to say that time is money.
I am from Africa.
It would be a sin to waste it.
I don't want us to separate.
Three of the hostages have been released.
My children are very precious to me.
I lived in Japan for 2 years, but now I'm living in California.
I like the way George laughs.
We don't know how Jesus really looked.
What are the odds of that happening twice in a row?
You're not getting a penny from me.
Where's the children's section?
What a dump!
Pull your pants up.
Count from 10 down to zero.
I wish you a Merry Christmas.
Great Britain is a land of gentlemen and horse riding.
Do not expose to heat or direct sunlight.
These bus ladies seem to like to do so.
Sacrifice is sometimes necessary.
Charlie's a creature of habit, and does pretty much the same things every day.
Alex disappeared without leaving a trace.
You can find him at the rifle range.
Is it OK to freeze cheese?
He's a drag queen.
The chief is speaking to me.
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.
Today I'm going to take my beloved car to the car wash.
"Where's Joe?" "I don't know. He was here a few moments ago."
Do you have a search warrant?
Dan had a criminal record in Mexico.
Muhammad and Eva went to the county fair.
I'll be very frank with you.
"Death Note" is one of my top ten favourite TV series.
My vision is not what it used to be.
I don't see that as negative.
Where did you curse them?
After her sickness, she's only a shadow of her former self.
She's tall and gorgeous.
Do not stop me: I must go to seek my father!
I have to find a faster route.
Tommy did a good job of leading us.
Let's bring our troops home.
They live in the United Kingdom.
They come to collect the mail at three in the afternoon every day.
A lot of friends came to wave goodbye to me.
James pulled the chain on the closet light.
As there were no clients, we closed the shop earlier.
A computer is a modern device.
I know Jack is connected.
There were no witnesses to the crime.
To thee all this power has come.
The announcer can talk fast.
That song blows.
If it never happened to you, you're a virgin.
We couldn't stop him from hitting her.
I fully understand your feelings.
It was evening and already dark but I saw a cat walking along a telephone wire. Can they do that, cats?
We'll be at the drum circle.
Shut up or you'll get thrown out.
His father answered, 'God will provide, my son, the offering for himself.'
Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.
He is an estate agent.
Touching the sky with glory.
This is not a tiger.
Who was Queen Elizabeth?
George looked into the tank.
Despite what's happened, I still like James.
I can't blame you for not wanting to come.
I say Paul's book will be read.
Marie's sister has been living in Berlin since 2010.
Three ships were given to him by the queen.
We can't afford all these cable services.
Oliver went duck hunting with his friends last weekend.
This company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
William is in a mental institution.
James has devoted his life to the anti-nuclear-energy movement.
The roof lets in rain.
I have no time for that, and besides, I don't have any money.
Jacob and Catherine built a sand castle on the beach.
I think I can't let this opportunity slip by.
Previously, I learned German in school.
George isn't wearing his seat belt.
Anne, you certainly have a genius for getting into trouble.
William remains in custody.
I'm a demon.
His escape attempt was successful.
The revolution will be useless without pictures.
The evil empire is furious.
Sally gave him a Christmas present.
It's all settled.
All of her songs became hits.
They had to take turns pushing the car.
Humans can't perform miracles.
I had a difficult delivery last time.
Do you have any actual evidence?
I'll be back by 2:30 at the latest.
I took a swing at Adam.
Joe and Monica were chasing John.
This is Mr Smith speaking. Is Mr Johnson in?
He was in the Navy.
These insects are different species.
Did you have a good time in Vegas?
It's been a struggle.
Oliver was dressed in black and wore a black ski mask.
What are you stopping for?
He was sending her mixed signals.
Jean eats your soup.
That's a pretty impressive list.
The situation here is unique.
The dog has been barking.
Production has already begun.
The universe was born more than 12 billion years ago.
He is very sensitive.
Do you think you can get me to Union Station by a quarter after?
This gun is out of bullets.
He will arrive on June 24.
The Germans are starting to have doubts about Europe.
Are your hands free of dirt?
Alice wore a crown of flowers.
Is Jami dreaming?
My wife and I have a joint bank account.
I'm firing you.
I didn't watch Star Wars episode 1.
Why are we whispering?
This sweater seems like something Betty would love. It's just so "her"!
I have a small favour to ask.
The girl was quick as a flash.
God is mighty.
Keep the ball rolling.
Is it Tuesday already?
He has no title to this land.
I have to pee.
He bore himself well at the ceremony.
This park used to be a hunting ground for a noble family.
It's the law of supply and demand.
We were kidnapped.
Jacob moved out to Los Angeles to become an actor.
The French flag is blue, white, and red.
She is getting better by degrees.
Jami put the car in gear and drove off.
No country under the sun is safe in this nuclear age.
The police gave Oliver the chance to surrender.
Humans are the only living creatures that make use of fire.
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.
Oliver spent Christmas behind bars.
Pick up your gym clothes.
Charlie asked Eva if she knew where he could buy an assault rifle.
Where does this trail go to?
You and I are good partners in business.
Harry gave a diamond bracelet to Susie.
Tommy has confessed to these crimes.
Nancy will never go on a date with me. She's out of my league.
We're having a blast.
Is everything arranged for the trip?
George tried to comfort Lucy.
Jack took Alice under his wing.
Jacob is having an allergic reaction.
George said that he was betrayed.
I don't think they'll accept these terms and conditions.
A mysterious legend has been handed down about this lake.
Joe sits down in the grass, in the shade of a large tree, and eats a sandwich.
I expect everyday is chaos for families with small children.
Who designed that museum?
We're going to torture them.
Carol's dress is long.
I went on deck from my cabin.
I didn't rip you off.
Muhammad dumped Carmen for another woman.
My father is Jewish and my mother is Arab.
Wilson probably was correct about this.
The population of Australia is much smaller than that of Japan.
Don't say congratulations!
Did you arrest him?
The search continues.
Harry is working under the direction of an expert.
Alex has a grand piano in his living room.
"Were you the director of that charity?" "Yes."
A person named West called while you were out.
Form a line one meter away from the one in front of you.
I'll be with you in spirit.
Alex exploded with laughter.
Does your band need a van?
We're shooting.
She likes Russian pop.
I was wondering if it would be OK if I took tomorrow off.
What are you crying about, sweetheart?
Can you say grace?
I'll give this apple to whoever wants it.
A bird was flying high up in the sky.
She hid her weapons.
I miss East Germany.
Who's the fellow that just said hello to you?
Do you really want to wait till Alex shows up?
I think that an angel watches over me.
Pardon me, what's the name of this place?
Do you have any tape?
They were murdered in their beds.
The Prime Minister will go on the air tomorrow.
I thought that I heard somebody shouting my name.
We found to our joy that all the crew were alive.
I heard that Robert is ill.
See you, grandpa!
You missed the target.
Chris will come here.
I like to listen to old records.
The nurse took Muhammad's temperature.
I like olive oil.
Joe slept in the guest room.
This is not ours.
Hunger is our bodies' way of driving us to find food and eat to stay alive.
The bullet train we were on pulled out at 12 sharp.
How many of you are there at the base?
I paid about 50 bucks.
You are Anna.
George has an audience with the Pope.
For the first time in my life, I feel that I'm falling in love.
What is the difference between A and B?
Hundreds of thousands of people were out of work.
Oscar forced Eva to give false information to the police.
When I was a kid, there was a black pig in a pen beside our house.
It's a British accent.
I'm going to Australia next week for a job interview.
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.
It doesn't taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it.
The report must be based on the facts.
Did you go to Joe's funeral?
Oscar lives a block away from us.
I couldn't shake off his hand.
The door opens to the road.
They ruined my life.
Tell Jack your theory.
I wonder what the difference is between a friend and a lover.
Can you tell me where the church is? I have to speak with the priest.
He's very active in his community.
Bless these little children.
That's basically what they're saying.
I need an assistant who speaks French.
They called on us to do something to help the victims.
They had plenty of money for the tour.
Susie is wearing a silver ring.
My heart was filled with pity for him.
We kept the fire burning.
General Jackson organized the defense of the city.
It ain't easy to please my parents.
What have you done, my lord, with the dead body?
Give Daddy a kiss.
James doesn't like the way Julia laughs.
Jesus answered, "I tell you the truth."
We can't pull this off without William.
Two gentlemen have been waiting to see you.
Do those ladies speak French?
She is frank in speech.
James is a CIA agent.
This book belongs to Paul.
I spent the rest of the night besides her.
Maybe you should try couples therapy.
Adam could hear Anna breathing heavily.
That’s a skull.
Carlos climbed the mountain.
There was not enough fuel.
Their bond was strong.
That hotel serves good plain food.
He decided to become a monk.
Before Einstein, scientists used to think that space had no end.
Muhammad eats a standard American diet (SAD).
A tunnel has been bored through the mountain.
I'm so blessed!
There are roses around the steel building.
Both are classic.
I realise the problem.
Alice is waiting to pick up her nephew.
James put too much hot sauce on his pizza.
This computer network is, as it were, the nervous system of the company.
Dan knew nothing about the murders.
George feels at home in the jungle.
Tommy turned and walked to the exit.
Mary spit out her gum.
Please. I'm begging you!
"Crystal clear" is a nice word, don't you think?
Give someone an inch, and they will take a mile.
Would you please let me know what the status is right away?
Which brand of toilet paper do you usually buy?
There aren't any books in German here. We'll have to go to another shop, one in the city centre. Maybe we'll find something there.
"I'd like to learn Japanese, but I don't fancy studying the script." "Then you should give up your plan to learn Japanese, here and now."
Have you confirmed it?
The seal kept its balance well on the large ball.
Every non-trivial program has at least one bug.
The computer is a recent invention.
Oscar didn't notice the surveillance camera.
That clinic still exists.
You traitor!
What the heck happened here?
The teams had just started to play when it began to rain.
Hail, friends.
We were sitting over a glass of port after dinner.
Fetch me some milk.
These are just routine questions we ask everyone.
Stones collected from all over the world are used.
Stop being so dramatic.
Joe was sent to the principal's office today.
We are all stupid, but in different fields.
The criminal tried to cover his tracks.
The plane is landing.
Gambling is a vice.
I am going to a distant place, you don't want to ask where.
It's necessary that you proceed there.
I second the motion.
The fact that she is ill worries me a lot.
Spain is the second largest country in Western Europe.
When I talked with him on the phone, he sounded tired.
"I am glad you did thus," said the good Queen.
John and Beth are the same age.
I suggest we skip this part.
Jami is not a true warrior.
He wouldn't let anyone interfere in his personal affairs.
I forgot our anniversary.
“I can hardly think that you would find many decent citizens to agree with you,” I answered.
You've never had a pet, have you?
Jack jumped bail.
James sat down underneath a tree.
My prayer was answered.
You shouldn't need to compromise with your conscience.
The company headquarters is in Paris.
I walked back and forth on the street.
You're real heroes.
She has a chip on her shoulder.
The pond has frozen over.
Anna admitted her guilt.
I'm a lousy dancer.
The hawk caught a mouse.
Tommy is a backup singer.
I thought that Alex had blown it.
They were free to return to their homes.
This park is a paradise for children.
It's a family tradition.
My wife has just cleared the table.
Many parents are worried their children are not being given a basic understanding of numbers.
Who's going to replace Jack?
It would be dangerous to go too near the edge of the cliff.
That word is of Greek origin.
Strip off the bark.
He was suspected of underground action.
Muhammad didn't want to follow in his father's footsteps.
The jack of diamonds.
Are you recording this conversation?
There is a nice park nearby. Do you want to go there?
The hole is too small. Keep digging!
That computer is what we call a robot.
Oliver dug three holes.
Life is returning to normal.
God help your souls!
I'll beep Joe.
What was Charlie's motive for doing that?
I'm dropping out of school.
You broke into my territory, now I must shoot you.
I think timing is really important.
Those who dig a pit for others will be caught in it themselves.
The special effects are excellent.
How green are the hills that are far from us.
Angels can fly because they can take themselves lightly.
They're criminals.
The world learned of the existence of this natural wonder about five years ago. Now, many people want to see it for themselves.
Joe was loyal.
In the meantime, he went to sleep.
I'm testing it now.
I'm freaking out.
That girl wants a good slap!
I love Ann all the more because she is shy.
The front doorbell just rang.
Have you already read the book "Judgment Day Began Long Ago"?
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.
Let justice be done though the heavens fall.
I know that William used to be a homicide detective.
He fled when he saw the police patrol.
I've earned it.
The cat caught the rats.
Not merely I but also he is invited to the party.
A closed mouth catches no flies.
It's just a fantasy.
Joe often cuts classes.
The lovers kissed.
"July is the eighth month of the year, right?" "No, that would be August, my favorite month."
That's your signature, isn't it?
Adam had no intention of marrying Carmen.
What's your favorite fairy tale?
William is the chairman of the committee.
Can you frame this picture?
He can do anything he sets his mind to.
Muhammad sought relief in the bottle, after losing both his job and Susie in the same week.
The theatre usually opened at this time.
She holds the world record for the hundred meters.
He survived the impact of a bomb.
No offense!
I have a first aid kit in my car.
There was a knight, he was a worthy man.
He said he wasn't a terrorist.
Bombs away!
We are at the city gates.
Everything about him was grey.
We're voting now on the voting procedure.
After dinner, we took a spin around town in my car.
Canada is facing serious economic problems.
Muhammad was the class clown.
The bells were ringing.
I don't think that Harry knows who gave that necklace to Mary.
I brought you some dates.
He looked nothing like his profile picture.
Don't be a moron.
Jami ripped up the letter.
Is it not a bit extreme?
Come on, chop chop! Let's get cooking with this!
This item now accounts for 20 percent of our sales.
Nobody beats him!
Would you please call off our trip to Hong Kong?
You're technically wrong there.
His methods are not scientific.
The population of this city is on the increase.
I cannot pat this dog. I am afraid it might bite me.
The pregnancy left her with stretch marks.
What's your favorite romance novel?
They are standing there and eating potato chips.
Mars is half the size of Earth.
Japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality.
I took the wheels off my bicycle.
This guy is an absolute genius.
I'm dying for a coke.
There was some taste of lemon in the cake.
We had a one-to-one session with the teacher.
What's your favorite TV commercial?
Mary is a slow walker, isn't she?
I noticed him sneak into the room.
She can't hold her liquor.
You know the drill.
Juan doesn't know that Maria is his daughter.
He is threatening me.
This is a dead-end alley.
War is destruction of human life.
Jack never used to eat so much junk food.
The rocket was launched this morning.
I know I'm a good fighter.
George is not dead. He's alive and kicking.
She's only a shell of her former self.
Have you ever visited the Statue of Liberty?
James's parents have decided to punish James for doing that.
We have to live with the consequences of our actions.
Being there I feel myself in shelter, protected by the love of all my dear ones.
I'm going to investigate this case.
They abandoned the fort to the enemy.
You won't capture Joe.
I'm sorry that you got dragged into all this.
They have sought after eternal youth.
Joe and Laur are artists.
Most of the suspects have been arrested.
What is the scale of this map?
Two people were injured in shark attacks at a beach in Florida.
What's the moral of this story?
Charlie's troubles are only beginning.
Would you like to sit on my knee?
Maybe I should go deeper into the details.
Bend your knees and look in front of you.
Hello parent!
It's not what you say, but what you do that counts.
Jami had no alibi for that night.
You ought to tell Harry that you're planning on joining the team.
Catherine's locker is next to Jami's.
Jami opened the book at random and started reading.
The blade was very sharp.
Why are there so many Indians?
One sees clearly only with the heart. What is essential is invisible to the eye.
I had an intense pain in the head.
Please be brief.
Jami is rotten to the core.
Joan runs in the city.
I am blonde, of course.
I'm guessing this is yours.
What other forms do I need to fill out?
The airplane has robbed travel of its poetry.
He owns a private jet.
Unfortunately, the police had to wait until there was another victim to try to find more about the serial killer.
They made a stubborn resistance.
Harry takes good care of his tools.
The police are still investigating.
How do you milk a goat?
The mother separated the fighting children.
Jami is a real pro.
The budget passed the Upper House.
Hear ye!
He won by a small number of votes.
My colleague and her husband are both American.
What's your favorite way to cook beans?
Jacob often sends jokes to me.
Jack usually gets into bar fights.
Jami and Emma went into their dressing rooms.
He is working as a security guard at a warehouse.
They pushed their plates away.
I would maintain with my last breath that he is innocent.
Send in something to eat or I'll kill a hostage.
Don't interfere in other people's relationships.
I hope to visit Sydney again.
It is one thing to show a man that he is in error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.
He issued his report in September, 2000.
I recorded you singing.
They had to submit to the superior force of the enemy.
Would like a soda or something?
Don't rub it in, Harry.
The commission took no action.
There was a curtain which was covering the door.
Do these paintings appeal to you?
Thanks for sharing.
No one in my family can play a musical instrument.
That's why my bleeding heart doesn't heal.
I found ten mistakes in as many pages.
Charlie has done a magnificent job.
Raised hands have become a symbol of protest.
It would be madness to climb that mountain in winter.
This isn't a new development.
They're waiting for their checks.
Tommy took an anger management class.
Oliver is feeding the baby.
Bears like to scratch their back on tree bark.
Click here to log in.
Oscar has a very bad reputation in certain quarters.
Go on and move in with your squeeze; I want nothing whatsoever to do with you anymore.
William was exposed to danger.
Please connect me with Charlie.
Her harsh manner of speaking doesn't suit her pretty face.
It's freezing in here! Can somebody turn off the air-conditioner?
What a blessing it is that they did not come.
You were refused entry because you were too drunk.
Marco's test was so hard he couldn't do it.
Oscar is still critical.
I'm constantly forgetting people's names.
We live in a global village.
He is thick as a brick.
Smoking may be deadly.
The pile of shit hit again!
How was the reception?
When her cat died, Diana went to pieces.
Non-verbal communication is just as important as what is actually said.
There are no eggs in the fridge.
His movies often feature strong female characters.
She is going to meet the project leaders.
The rumor has no foundation.
In other areas of the city, fighting continued.
Muhammad started banging on the door.
Slide on over.
Oliver is helping his colleagues.
Don't be afraid to get back up again, to try again, to love again, to live again and to dream again. Don't let a hard lesson burden your heart. Follow your path!
The Japanese take off their shoes before entering a house.
Oliver and Mary don't want to become voice actors.
Dan asked Linda for the rest of his payment.
Stop creating trouble.
I'm humming.
I'm told congratulations are in order.
James was put under house arrest.
Anna continues to deny that she was the one who did that.
Harry is an American actor.
Where's the bus stop for Grand Hotel?
They appointed him as a director.
A Mr. West called while you were out.
Spirit, are you here with us?
Inside the hall were music, laughter, and wine on every hand.
I ran outside and the door locked itself behind me.
I drove a van.
A shooting star! Quick, Charlie, make a wish!
Adam waited for the toast to pop up.
I still can't help wondering why.
Go to sleep, sweetheart.
Whoever comes is welcome.
I'll be flying to Boston.
We're desperate for weapons.
The sun was on the point of rising in the east.
There was a young fellow in to see you a half an hour ago.
Joe shows his camera to his brother.
I love you, my angel.
This town ain't big enough for the two of us.
Sorry? Pardon?
You have to see this tape.
Harry and Lucy were murdered in their beds.
This is the house in which the prime minister lives.
I thought that I heard someone shouting my name.
Let me introduce you to the rest of the crew.
I'm a year younger than Robert.
What will you do with the body, my lord?
We're worried about Grandma and Grandpa.
I hit the target.
What happened to Chris? We don't see her these days.
She gave me access to her records.
The nurse gave Adam a flu shot.
Water and oil don't mix.
Daddy, I'll stop doing theater and won't sing anymore.
Each guest must leave after the party.
William always laughs at his own jokes, just in case no one else does.
Jesus is your son, Emma!
Pull over right here.
These cars are ours.
I don't like touching dead bodies.
This way, gentlemen!
The bullet got the policeman in the leg.
The soldiers were sent back to their base.
Excuse me, ladies!
Anna, is this your car?
Magic tricks are lies that the audience knows to be lies.
I don't think that I've ever been this close to falling in love.
A is 5 times as long as B.
Jack is interested in ancient Egyptian history.
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers died in the war.
I was forced to start everything from the beginning, and that wasn't pleasant.
Harry is a pig!
For two weeks, the British soldiers waited.
This interview is over.
We sat in complete silence.
Oliver is the head chef at a restaurant in Boston.
Let me be frank with you.
We're based in Boston.
They made a toast at his funeral.
I walked around the block.
Jack says he won't shake hands with Valentina.
James never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
He was ruined by that business.
That theory is generally accepted.
I have been a lover of sports since I was young.
I know Jami is a priest.
He is an insurance agent for a New York company.
She's very active in her community.
"Bless you!" — "Thanks, you too."
I did basically the same thing as Joe did.
From the second letter of Saint Paul.
You have an assistant, right?
And we have brought other money besides, to buy what we want: we cannot tell who put it in our bags.
Charlie said that he knew that both of the victims.
How much is the tour?
Gold is more valuable than silver.
Catherine wants people to pity her.
Do you smell rubber burning?
He did not want such a defense.
OK, this next! The combination of this and this might be way sexy!
This led to unexpected results.
Dan wanted Linda to help Matt.
The officers were satisfied.
The giant was not loved by anybody.
I'm going to plant a bunch of pretty flowers in my garden.
Would you kindly switch off the radio?
The royal jewels are kept under lock and key.
You painted the walls.
I have no sexual desire.
Special forces and marriage don't go together.
George knows he'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Olivia.
Lucy has long golden hair.
OK, Joe, let's cut to the chase.
He is as poor as a rat.
We should move to a safer location.
The bartender told me you were a regular here.
She knows she's really screwed up.
I thought I heard someone knocking on the door.
That attitude of his is quite disgusting.
Who are the gods?
What time's Jacob picking you up?
I know George is a control freak.
I didn't press charges.
There was a loud bang.
I get a physical examination once a year.
No one cares about open source software.
He was born in a palace that isn't there any more.
She will live forever in our hearts.
Adam has a talent for painting.
Oscar is a threat.
It's a miracle that I've got over cancer.
This train moves very slowly.
The fat woman was holding a monkey.
Every Christian has the General Calling.
Why are you always beating up your sister?
Tommy asked for police protection after Alice and John threatened to kill him.
The guards didn't see them.
I want to disappear.
It was Harry's idea to rob the bank.
Listen! How do you spell it?
I don't think that I'm capable of doing that.
Don't thou me.
Where did you bone them?
Lucy remained silent.
I think, therefore I flee.
They were mostly women.
William refused to speak to the media.
They were troubled deeply by the changes they saw.
Nothing out of the ordinary has happened.
Do you like to send it by air mail or by surface mail?
He's in the fourth year.
You control your destiny.
George rode a dragon to the Boston area.
I'm not from Africa.
No sin is too great for God to forgive.
I think we should separate.
Oscar and the other hostages have been released.
You're precious to me.
She comes from California.
I'm on death row.
Every penny Adam makes goes to buying food.
Please show me the way to the business section.
This place is a dump.
The temperature was above zero last week.
I wish you all a Merry Christmas.
It's very direct.
Do you wanna sacrifice something?
Not a single creature on earth has more or less right to be here.
He's disappeared without a trace.
I knew it was out of our price range, but I wanted to buy it anyway.
Alex could freeze to death.
Don't drag me into this.
The highest amount of points possible on reports is 10 points.
He lost his most beloved son.
It's one of those moments.
"You can't take this." "This warrant says I can."
We took an airplane from Mexico to Madrid.
Alex is in the county jail.
What's your favorite TV series?
Opportunity leads to love.
My sister has perfect vision.
The product of two negative numbers is positive.
"I'm going to put a curse on you", said Alice.
She's wearing eye shadow.
He's tall and gorgeous.
You need to seek help.
I can't decide which route to take to Boston.
Adam is leading the charge.
The enemy troops are closing in on us.
I am without a kingdom.
There was little evidence to collect from Dan's house.
I gave Tommy a small wave.
How often do you use your chain saw?
Many clients went to the able lawyer for advice.
It's an attractive price, for this sort of device.
Jack has connected.
Witnesses can lie.
I will never follow thee.
The announcer can talk rapidly.
The wind blows.
International law is important and Israel is not above the law.
She's not a virgin anymore.
"That guy was totally hitting on you." "What? Really?"
You cannot be both unhappy and fully present in the Now.
Are you wearing a wire?
We were seated in a circle.
She was thrown out of school.
Wherever you are, we'll provide a comfortable work environment.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tommy didn't commit suicide.
I have seen his glory.
Oscar barely escaped being killed by a tiger.
I planted a peach tree in my yard.
Elizabeth did not say a single word.
What is a think tank?
Despite everything, the world is still beautiful.
I've been wanting to meet you for years.
Marie took off.
There were soldiers on these ships.
Tommy doesn't charge for his services.
Don't try to duck out early. Where's your sense of responsibility?
How many do you have in stock?
Many famous people are behind the movement.
James always lets us help.
How much sand is there in the bucket?
Let me slip into something more comfortable.
I recognized him immediately since we had previously met.
The details on the dress include a bright belt.
You'd better make one too, Anne.
The suspect was taken into custody.
The most dangerous demon is money.
He was successful in the attempt.
The French Revolution took place in 1789.
What's the height of the Empire State Building?
Sally has been on a diet since last month.
Her eyes settled on the dress.
Father never hits me on the head.
My secretary is pushing for a promotion.
I do not like to perform in front of others.
I drive a delivery truck.
He has retired, but he is still an actual leader.
What's the latest?
Who broke the swing?
He's always chasing girls.
Mr Johnson is a rich man.
The American Navy was ready to fight.
Humans must become a multi-planet species.
"You shouldn't get married." "It's too late. We got married in Vegas last week."
I started a new job, and it's been a struggle just to keep my head above the water.
Jami carefully took off his mask.
I don't see any way of stopping Charlie from dancing.
Red and blue paint mixed together give us purple.
Nobody seems to know where Jean is.
You will see that everything has become very beautiful and you will be able to present something really impressive to the guests.
How's this for a unique way to raise some money?
The dog kept barking at me at the gate and kept me from coming in.
Production is carried on for profit, not for use.
The age of the universe is about 13.75 billion years.
George knows this is a sensitive issue.
Jacob scored 13 points in the third quarter.
This cold weather isn't usual for June.
George was taken prisoner by the Germans.
Laur washed the dirt off her face.
This book is about a king who lost his crown.
What were you dreaming about when I woke you?
George got his nose out of joint when he wasn't asked to Carmen's party.
I'm thinking of firing you.
Did you see yesterday's episode?
I heard them whispering.
Betty managed to sing well.
I would like to ask a favour of you.
Did you see a flash of light?
The cat is rolling over on its back.
Monday is the first day, Tuesday is the second day, and so on.
I read the title too fast.
Lift the seat before you pee.
Jack witnessed the ceremony.
I am trained to fight in the mountain.
He is a man of noble mind.
A year's supply of the medicine costs $50,000.
I've been kidnapped.
I went to Los Angeles on vacation last month.
Have you ever seen this flag?
She is getting well by degrees.
George put the car in gear and drove away.
Nuclear power is safe.
We told them to surrender.
I can't imagine what creatures living on another planet are like.
She just had to use her Puss-In-Boots look and I was her devoted servant.
Margaret is likely going to spend the rest of her life behind bars.
She told me she was going to the gym.
Muhammad was charged with assault.
My house is near a bike trail.
Jack and I are partners.
He gave her a diamond bracelet.
He may as well confess his crimes.
James is way out your league.
Blast it!
We met at 2:30, as arranged.
She lives in comfort.
You'll just have to wing it.
Oscar had an allergic reaction to the medication.
Alice said she'd been betrayed.
What are the conditions?
It's a local legend.
She wanted to get away from everyday life.
This was designed by Harry.
Last year was torture.
Carol has a headache.
Morning found them on deck.
I heard my pants rip.
George dumped everything out of the box.
I was raised Jewish.
President Wilson was shocked.
Something's happening here, and what it is ain't exactly clear.
God is time lord.
Daddy, i love you!
No one laughs at Jami's jokes.
Was Jesus black?
Harry began to pull on his jeans.
Get started, gentlemen.
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."
Let's be frank with each other.
I know that Tommy isn't a real estate agent anymore.
I know what, we'll visit William, Paul and Catherine this weekend!
Besides loving sports, my son also loves art.
Congratulations on the victory!
The last thing in the world I want to do is arrest Alex.
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor.
Harry is an English citizen.
Please take me to the Grand Hotel.
He is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world.
He went to West Point.
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
We are one in mind and spirit.
We'll miss your laughter.
How can one be serious with the world when the world itself is so ridiculous!
The Lake Van is the greatest lake of Turkey.
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without looking.
You're more than welcome to pop in whenever you like.
I was wondering if I could borrow your car.
What's the matter, sweetheart?
His parents helped whoever asked for their help.
I thought that flying to Boston would cost more than it did.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
My uncle lives in the east of Spain.
What a nice fellow he is!
That movie theater always shows good movies.
Her words were like those of an angel.
Would you pardon me one moment, please?
There's no tape in this camera.
Harry murdered his own father.
The minister had to resign.
Jacob was shouting.
Only 764 of the ship's 1,962 passengers and crew survived.
John is older than Robert.
I can see the target.
My records show nothing of interest out there.
The nurse gave me a flu shot.
The end of the age of oil is in sight.
I can stay in the guest room.
"Is this small house yours?" "Yes, it's ours. We bought it last year."
Jacob and Susie had burns all over their bodies.
That bullet was meant for me.
This city lies at the base of a mountain.
Anna is a friend whose support I can count on.
Muhammad asked for a private audience with the Pope.
The temperature is falling.
"How about the chest area?" "She's probably a B."
Oscar dressed as an ancient Egyptian slave.
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded.
He forced himself to stay focused.
I called him a fat pig.
Choosing to fight for the British proved to be a mistake.
George agreed to give us an interview.
All around is silence.
Alex is a chef.
We're based in Australia.
Tommy's funeral arrangements have already been taken care of.
Oliver was able to park a half a block away from the concert hall.
Muhammad refused to shake hands with Susie.
The world is a book and each step opens a page.
You've ruined it! You've ruined everything!
That theory isn't generally accepted.
History is life's lover.
The priest married them last Sunday.
William was well-known in the community.
He will take it and bless it.
What's the assistant's name?
8 was the oldest of the victims and 2 was the youngest.
Jami gave Olivia a tour of his house.
She couldn't be sold for gold or silver, so she just stayed there and watched.
It is a pity that the singer died so young.
Did everyone manage to escape the burning ship?
He opened the chess game with a modern defense.
The population of this country is smaller than that of the United States.
This is the letter sent from Hong Kong by air mail.
Ain't he cute?
But my lord, we can become rich.
Daddy's working.
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.
Jesus, Emma, and Joseph!
Alex might pull through.
We're gentlemen.
Good morning, ladies.
He liked the boy's frank way of speaking.
She's a real estate agent.
I said Paul was out, but that Emma was at home.
Besides that he had nothing to add.
Congratulations are in order.
Officer Oscar Jackson made the arrest.
If he continues drinking too much, he will fall ill sooner or later.
What is the grand total?
"Where's the director?" "In his office."
You have very sexy legs.
Dan met Matt in prison.
Yesterday the club elected its officers.
I live in a giant bucket.
April is the time to plant trees.
The company is located on the West Coast.
I can't turn it on, because the switch is broken.
It seems to me that he was the standard-bearer of the royal army during the war.
What colour are those walls?
Jack's sexual abilities impressed Mary.
What can be done? These are market forces.
Muhammad put his shoes on with his shoe horn.
George is a golden boy.
What's your favorite movie with a car chase?
Did I tell you I saw a big rat in the kitchen?
Please return your order form along with a self-addressed envelope.
He didn't break my heart. He broke my spirit.
We should think about moving to a safer location.
Everyone suddenly burst into laughter.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
You just screwed up.
William stopped knocking on the door as soon as he realized Margaret wasn't home.
Somebody's breathing on my face. It's disgusting.
The problem will eventually solve itself.
Even the gods love jokes.
Tell Susie I'll be picking her up.
She's a control freak.
Trapped in the van, Anna tried to force open a window.
I'm shooting.
We can file charges against Tommy.
Have you ever been in therapy?
After his father died, Adam started drinking heavily.
I know Jami wants to become a physical therapist.
With winter coming on, they have to buy a lot of fuel.
She likes Russian Pop.
There is a strong bond between the brothers.
What's your data source?
Oliver and Julia said they were wondering whether John had to do that or not.
What an amazing palace we saw yesterday!
Women in their hearts think that men are intended to earn money so that they may spend it, if possible during their husband's lifetime, but at any rate after his death.
We knew Harry had talent.
I prefer plain materials.
She's a total sweetheart.
Alex is a monk.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
He studied the scientists considered to be the most significant of the 19th century.
My girlfriend often says "Whoever eats enough, has already eaten too much."
Alex and Eva are flying to Boston tomorrow.
I'm really going to miss Valentina when she moves to Boston.
He looks like a monkey.
Let's go with the standard.
Muhammad followed Olivia through the tunnel.
What does it mean to be a Christian?
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.
My heart stopped beating.
I still steal steel.
It's a classic.
The more we learn, the more we realise that we don't know much.
Joe needed protection.
Jack is your neighbor's nephew, isn't he?
Put some sauce on the pizza.
They have weapons.
I was raised on the east side of Boston.
William is an interesting fellow.
He murders English.
Monica made her way through the jungle.
The guards didn't see me.
I hope Charlie shows up today.
You are my angel.
You need to disappear before they find you.
Take this exit.
Alex and his gang plan to rob a bank.
Can you spell your last name for me?
Oscar spit on me.
The man begging for money looked very hungry.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Give him an inch and he'll take a mile.
I think that everybody has an idea of what Jami is capable of.
I want a status report.
We need to destroy this tape.
I think you should've bought a better-known brand.
Where were you the night that Harry was murdered?
He is the minister responsible for the environment.
Earth is not the centre of the world.
For whom have you brought the bone?
Oliver wrote the script.
Oscar heard somebody shouting for help.
The entire crew takes pride in its work.
I haven't yet confirmed that.
There was a seal in the water and another on the shore.
I think I caught a bug over the weekend.
The photo on my passport is very recent.
George is still under surveillance.
You're no stranger to the clinic.
You scared me, Robert!
Traitor!
What the heck?
What teams are playing in the World Cup?
There's a lot of hail damage to your car.
They see another boat going into the port.
I will go back and fetch it.
I am quite tired of daily routine.
Has Lucy already called?
She picked up beautiful stones.
Don't try to make dramatic changes to your diet all at once.
Take aim at the target.
The teacher brought my video to the principal.
The trees were covered with fruit; the fields with corn.
Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
Most of the students are interested in finance more than industry.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the others are teachers.
Oliver and Mary mostly talked about their trip.
There's no need to change the oil every 3000 miles.
George is a social media addict.
Oliver and Mary stopped in their tracks.
The airplane made a safe landing.
"I care very deeply for you", she confessed.
It's a vice.
He is no ordinary singer.
This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it's really difficult.
Muhammad and I are distant relatives.
Are you ready to proceed?
There's no hot water on the fourth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
Motion denied.
Jami worries too much about what people think about him.
Destiny brought us together.
He has western books the like of which you can't get in Japan.
Adam is riding a dragon to the Boston area.
She devoted herself to mission work in Africa.
William sounded excited.
He likes to sin.
Keep them separate!
The hostages will be released.
Thus do all women.
Time is more precious than anything else.
You're the guest.
At the winter festival, Beth received an award for dancing the best.
They both decided to skip class.
You are a true warrior.
In California, it matters more how good you look doing it.
My seat is in the third row. Where are you sitting?
I didn't spend a penny.
Affairs are in a bad way with you doing nothing of what you should.
Adam took Carmen to a fancy Italian restaurant on their anniversary.
The lost and found section.
Charlie's place is a dump.
It is feared that those citizens now present will run away.
These books are ours.
Our neighborhood has become ground zero in a gang war.
I don't know if there's any country on Earth where you can marry your pet dog.
I hope you and your family have a merry Christmas.
Oliver is at the police station, trying to bail Emma out.
Doctors were afraid to remove the bullet.
I think the coat underneath that tree over there is Harry's.
There's no response from the moon base.
Jacob is direct.
She said a prayer and followed him.
How can I sacrifice myself for something I don't believe in?
Maybe he has a bad conscience.
William is at police headquarters.
The material is light enough to float in water.
They looked at us, as much as to say, "Poor creature."
They set forth on the return journey early in the morning.
Yes, I am Anna.
Some day, the boy disappeared without a trace.
You guys are my heroes.
The students range in age from 18 to 25.
Let's all chip in some money.
The lake was frozen over.
Freeze!
The fact that Oscar lied that he was at home when he was actually in the office the night of the murder is proof of his guilt.
I've had a lousy day.
I'm sorry to drag you into this.
The audience laughed before they even heard the translation in French.
Bring backup.
Prepare to have your mind blown.
They work out of their homes.
What is the sound of my tears falling into your eggs?
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
It's an American tradition to make a wish on your birthday.
Tommy got a B on today's math test.
She has an ancient family name.
I've never seen that house, but I've imagined it thousands of times.
The weather having cleared up, he went out for a walk.
It's so basic.
I was forced to volunteer.
I'll replace it.
Jami was afraid to jump off the cliff.
'Would you still be my friend even if I turned into a pig all of a sudden?' 'Of course!'
His name is of Greek origin.
I've got some reports to write.
I just wanna strip my clothes off!
They live underground.
I never go to London without visiting the British Museum.
Hi, I have an appointment with the general manager. This is my interview notice.
He died leaving his beloved children behind.
He heard footsteps behind him.
There came a complete silence. You could hear a pin drop.
I'll be ready in a few moments.
Are you saying you don't know where Joe hid the diamonds?
Are you getting a warrant for my house, my car, what?
Mexico is the biggest Spanish speaking country.
George is a good chef.
He lives in a dry county.
I have the feeling that there have been hardly any interesting series lately.
Please listen to the recording.
He leads an active life.
My vision's getting worse.
I heard a faint sound nearby.
One man was seen digging with his bare hands.
Joe had a very negative attitude.
It's evil to curse.
I like your eye shadow.
You're looking gorgeous.
Alex can dance like a robot.
Oscar needs to seek help.
Is there another route?
You should have rejected him right from the start instead of leading him on.
He called on state troops to end the strike.
We'll be returning to Australia in October.
Where are you based now?
I live in the United Kingdom.
Hold on. Just let me collect my thoughts.
James didn't go to Julia's funeral.
Do you believe that animals have souls?
Charlie hit the perfect wave.
I thought that Harry said he didn't know how use a chain saw.
What was your motive?
Jami hasn't begun to see any clients.
I'm thinking of dropping out of school.
Jami has been around the block.
Muhammad turned off the device.
Muhammad couldn't shake the feeling that there was something wrong.
Money opens each door.
It's the first time in my life I've felt so connected with someone.
We're all witnesses.
This is my territory.
The timing couldn't be worse.
Charlie was in the hospital for thee months last year.
It still blows my mind.
We don't yet know the side effects of the drug.
He developed an early interest in international relations.
You ruined me.
She is not a virgin anymore.
Stop hitting me.
One must live each day fully.
Look! Isn't it beautiful beyond the hills?
I don't like talking about politics.
Do you see the bird on the telephone wire?
Tell them your theory.
It's a vicious circle.
Do you believe in angels?
I'd have thrown you out.
Tommy made Mary forget her old lover.
Oscar and Susie are violent criminals.
We must accept our existence as far as possible.
He has a wife and two young children to provide for.
Joe died in the priest's arms.
He is loyal to his boss.
Before, young ones used to ask me to draw them a sheep, now they want me to teach them how to make a commit. Times, they are a-changin'.
A lot has happened in the meantime.
William and Lucy have been testing new equipment.
Charlie was sentenced to probation and community service.
We ran for the glory of the school.
Oscar shot and killed a tiger.
Everyone was freaking out.
He prayed God to bless me.
Alex planted three apple trees and a peach tree in his yard.
No man can resist the lure of a woman.
Jack should've filled up his tank.
I wanted to slap myself.
Ann has no sister.
Despite being a sunny day, it is cold.
There's something I've been wanting to ask you, Jack.
Oscar rang the doorbell.
Marie was moving forward.
I thought that Oliver would watch the ships leaving.
I'd like to volunteer my services.
Jacob knows Latin very well. You can rely on his judgment.
There's a duck on his shirt.
Oscar and Mary don't want to call their lawyers.
What made you buy that stock?
This is Charlie Jackson, my personal assistant.
Thank heavens, I'm free today.
Jami was the victim of a homicide.
Oscar is a member of the ski patrol.
He played an important role in the movement.
He earned as much money as possible.
Muhammad often lets me use his car.
Jack is lying face down in the sand.
It was a slip of the tongue.
Tommy gave Julia a list of all the victims.
I eat live rats.
It is merely a matter of time.
Is it already five o'clock?! How time flies!
Would you like a tour?
She lives in a fantasy world.
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
It is a great pity he was given up for lost.
He often cuts classes on Monday and Saturday.
Her cheeks were burning.
We're lovers so we hold hands at least, right?
Last year I stayed at your hotel from July 4th through 12th and from July 30th through August 5th.
I need your signature on the letter before I can mail it.
Love must have wings to fly away from love, and to fly back again.
Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life.
George bought a new belt.
I felt like I was living in a fairy tale.
I didn't expect to be appointed chairman.
I have seen every frame of Dan's movies.
Don't be foolish, Anne.
The sun sets earlier in the winter.
But custody of the children was a problem.
He's a demon.
To my relief he recovered from his illness.
Don't attempt this at home.
Revolution is the fire on which some are burnt to death, and others cook their soup.
You can see the Empire State Building from here.
Sally made her brother clean the bathroom.
Our soccer team has a good defense.
My father? He goes to the library, to the cinema, to the theatre. He's very active.
Then she said, "Wait, my daughter, until you know what will happen; for the man will not rest until he has settled this today."
William scored three hits.
They're pushing their luck.
I don't perform well under stress.
Among the good things of the mind, wisdom holds the first place.
How did that decision impact your career?
I'm sure Charlie meant no offense.
I have a delivery for her.
I need a first aid kit.
She's waiting for a knight on a white horse to take her away.
He found in the world without as actual what was in his world within as possible.
She said she wasn't a terrorist.
It's the latest fashion.
My daughter loves to swing.
That one is an expert of bombs.
My suit is grey.
How long have you been chasing Tommy?
Hello. Is it possible to speak with Mrs Johnson please?
Oscar didn't follow the proper procedure.
I don't want Oliver to join the navy.
We have to become a multi-planet species.
Charlie went to Vegas.
The struggle continued.
Jami wears a sleep mask at night.
Where did you spin them?
I don't see any way of stopping Tommy from doing that.
Clown!
That name doesn't ring any bells.
Don't get mixed up with those people.
James didn't think it would be appropriate for John to give Alice a pearl necklace.
You will see that everything has become very beautiful and you will be able to present something really impressive to those invited.
What makes it so unique?
The dates are often wrong.
Listen, I think that you are barking up the wrong tree here.
Is my profile picture beautiful?
The farm production of this year is better than we expected.
Valentina called Oliver a moron.
There are almost seven billion people in the world.
Alex doesn't seem to be as sensitive as Susie seems to be.
It's quarter to eight now.
Jacob ripped off his bow tie.
When reading certain comments, people can completely lose faith in humanity.
His way of thinking is a bit extreme.
Joe likes to chop wood.
I met your father last week, so in the last week of June.
"German language – difficult language", the Germans like to say, but actually German is not so difficult.
What color is the dirt?
I see the crown.
Charlie beats his girlfriend.
James still technically owns this place.
Tommy and Laur fell in love while they were on a scientific expedition.
I was dreaming about him.
They made a joint decision to divorce.
Alex regrets firing off an angry email to his boss, and wishes he'd slept on what was bothering him for a while.
What are you whispering about?
The increase of the population is a serious problem.
She pat her son on the back.
The blue sky seemed to stretch forever.
Betty didn't say a word.
Charlie watched a romance movie with his wife.
Oscar offered Emma and John some potato chips.
Could you do me a favour and call a doctor?
Did you see that flash of lightning?
I don't think there's any life on Mars.
Our company has been voted one of the top 50 best companies to work for.
This vehicle has four wheels.
This is what makes this game an absolute joy to play.
Coke has always been the top dog when it comes to soft drinks.
A baseball came rolling to my feet.
Next Tuesday is a bank holiday.
I like lemon in my tea.
I don't remember the title of that movie.
Let me give you some advice - don't pee into the wind!
He held a session.
I would never feed my dog commercial dog food.
The guests were waited on by a highly trained team of young staff.
What a noble heart that good man has!
William is a fast walker.
Can you supply me with all I need?
Alex kidnapped Catherine.
Charlie wasn't the only one who saw Olivia sneak into the room.
He stopped over at Los Angeles and Chicago.
I can hold my liquor better than you.
Thanks for the translation. But please choose another flag!
George knows the drill.
He has turned 180 degrees around.
Juan doesn't always know who to vote for.
I'm not threatening you.
Jami put the car into gear.
Charlie was found dead in the alley behind the restaurant.
What will happen to our children if nuclear war breaks out?
Did Adam surrender?
I don't allow my children to eat junk food.
We must respect each of God's creatures and respect the environment in which we live.
It isn't exactly rocket science.
Tell your sister to follow those rules. I'm not your servant.
Tommy said he wants to be a fire fighter.
Alex will probably spend the rest of his life behind bars.
A field goal is scored by kicking the ball through the goal.
Are they in the gym?
Did Charlie try to assault you?
He became a shell of his former self.
Where does this trail go?
I'd like to see the Statue of Liberty.
I thought we were partners.
In the name of the moon, we'll punish you!
Is this diamond real?
Harry was thinking of the consequences of his actions.
The flowers are protected against the weather.
Parents are responsible for their children's crimes.
She's way out of your league.
We must investigate this matter in advance.
Alice is hiding inside her blanket fort.
I lost my leg in a bomb blast.
We want to capture that market.
I'm sorry that you got dragged into this.
I've arranged everything.
They tried to control their emotions.
Wars come and go, but soldiers stay eternal.
Jacob saw that Lucy was crying and went over to comfort her.
Joe met many other artists when he was in Boston.
He sort of took me under his wing.
His reaction speed amazed me.
Charlie felt betrayed.
Half the suspects were white.
What's the scale of this map?
Most people have something to complain about their housing conditions.
Does this map have a legend?
If rain fails even grass will fail to raise its head
I have never gone to Florida.
I'm the most moral person you'll ever meet.
He has many troubles.
Jack placed his hand on Susie's knee.
Oscar said he isn't interested in looking any deeper into that matter.
My clock is running 5 seconds faster everyday.
Keep your eye on the ball. Bend your knees.
Monica designed a text adventure game.
Even a fly feels, when you torture it.
All the boys thought Carol was a boring person.
Oliver is on the ship's deck.
They formed themselves in groups of five.
I'm a single parent.
I don't give a rip who did it.
My opinion is the one that counts!
My boyfriend dumped me when he found out I was pregnant.
He's a Jewish American.
Did Oliver have an alibi for that night?
Go and see if Mr. Wilson is at home.
I was thinking about joining the army.
A bitter winter is setting in.
Where's your locker?
Anna saw William making out with a random girl.
The Indians ate his heart.
"One sees clearly only with the heart. The essential is invisible to the eye."
You're so intense.
We had a brief discussion about human rights.
This is the core of the problem.
Joan is running in the city.
Men do not love those who remind them of their sins.
She's a blonde girl.
I was just guessing.
Sign these forms.
I like writing poetry.
Jacob has a private jet.
Harry had no idea that Laur was a serial killer.
I don't understand your resistance.
You should probably tell George where to put the tools.
We're investigating the facts.
Is this a sheep or a goat?
Let us not forget, dear brother, that man cannot be separated from himself.
Jami dreamed of going pro.
Jack belongs to the upper class.
The point is that the mothers are too busy.
Ye speak.
He won by a small number of popular votes.
A colleague is coming to visit me.
I hate beans.
The sun sends out light.
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
Alex is in his dressing room.
James waited for Valentina in front of the warehouse.
They looked down at their plates.
My income is barely enough to maintain living.
Oliver was held hostage.
Relationships are hard work.
Sydney is a town in Australia.
I have never had more than $500 in my possession.
He got into this school in September last year.
I recorded a hit.
Your watch is superior in quality to mine.
I prefer soda.
There's the rub.
He went in front of this commission.
I'm not covering your roof with straw.
They said they would appeal.
We're sharing the cost.
Can you play any musical instrument?
That's why my bleeding heart won't heal.
The book is missing two pages.
This video is magnificent!
There exists an enormous difference between the two theories.
The sign of the fish was used by early Christians as a secret symbol.
It would be madness to do it.
She thinks it is a positive development.
I'm sorry, we don't accept checks.
Jack doesn't want to spend the rest of his career in middle management.
Stop feeding your bad habits.
I haven't seen any bears around here.
The inn was no better than a log cabin.
Do you have any quarters?
Alex gave Monica's hand a friendly squeeze.
James will be exposed.
He knows how to connect his computer to the Internet.
He did not like her manner of speech.
Aren't you freezing?
Poverty is, in a sense, a blessing.
You have an entry ticket.
Marco thinks he writes well.
Mary's mother is often critical of her appearance.
I am constantly forgetting names.
Global climate change is everybody's problem.
I've hit a brick wall with my research. I don't know what to do now.
He was dealt a deadly blow.
There's a big pile of mail on your desk.
I was at the reception.
Diana laughed. Diana always laughed before she spoke.
There is an urgent need for better communication.
If you get hungry, there's food in the fridge.
How many Chinese characters can you write now?
We need leaders.
The rumor had no foundation in fact.
Every year brings stranger weather to many areas of the world.
I thought I heard someone banging on the wall.
Alex has never used a slide rule.
We're colleagues, nothing more.
Lord help me.
One's life is like going far with a burden on one's back.
Upon entering the room, she fell down.
They are actors.
I've never missed a payment.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Jami is humming.
Jane's dream was to find herself a sugar daddy.
I don't like how Charlie laughs.
Then, they spent that day with Jesus.
Joe might pull it off.
Gentlemen first.
Hello, ladies.
Frank eats some cheese.
She is an estate agent.
He realized Paul had stood him up.
Besides, it's a really interesting problem.
If you're reading this… Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.
I know that George is afraid that the police might arrest Julia.
The fire continues to spread.
My grand parents planned a boat trip with us.
I became a director.
He was at the airport to meet Mr West.
The computer means making the form is easy.
My body is old, but my spirit is young.
They broke into laughter.
The bidet-toilet itself has not spread much outside of Japan.
Jami got out of the van.
Another shooting and another friend's gone.
The level of the river rose little by little.
I'm gonna pop the question tonight.
I was always wondering, but why do you talk like that?
You don't have to worry about me, sweetheart.
Give this ticket to whoever comes first.
I'm flying to London for a business meeting this week.
They had weapons.
Charlie lives three miles east of here.
Oliver seems to be a nice fellow.
Do you like game shows?
Harry made an angel in the snow.
I must beg your pardon.
I need some tape.
The police no longer believe that William murdered Carmen.
He is the prime minister of this country.
Shouting isn't singing.
Oliver was a member of my crew.
My name is Robert, so they call me Bob for short.
Aim at the target with this gun.
Oscar broke all records for speed.
Do I need a nurse?
This oil well is going to make me rich.
Be our guest.
Their parents are older than ours.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back.
We will definitely touch base with you guys.
The Lord is with you.
It's Anna's house.
Charlie told a few jokes to warm up the audience.
Nobody can blame you for falling in love with Jack.
We need a plan B.
Some ancient people thought of the sun as their God.
Thousands of people went to see the President.
The police forced a confession from her.
Come to Daddy.
The pig is pink.
There are some differences between British English and American English.
Thank you very much for the interview and the time you have given us.
Learn how to silence your mind.
I don't like the way she laughs.
My cousin, who was a drunk, said that Jesus talked to him every night.
We have a very good chef.
I think she was trying to pull a fast one.
What do you wish to order, gentlemen?
Olivia went to the ladies' room.
Oscar is currently based in Australia.
Adam could not afford to pay for his mother's funeral.
I have lived on this block, and next to the same neighbor, all my life.
Tommy won't get a fair shake.
The new store opens next week.
You've ruined it!
Do you want to hear my theory?
All the world loves a lover.
I trust my priest.
It was a problem in their local community.
May God bless you.
Please be frank with me.
Your assistant said I could wait here.
How does this help any of the victims?
How much would you want to pay for the tour?
Jack's hair is all silver.
I think it a pity for you to lose such a chance.
I think I smell something burning.
Your agent has already called on me.
Attack is the best defense.
Paul was born in Rome.
Besides tennis, what else do you do?
The money will be enough to carry me to Hong Kong.
Is your neighbour sexy?
Charlie is afraid of Matt.
He shot the officers.
This plant flowers at the beginning of spring.
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.
James is a member of the royal family.
He painted all the walls green.
There is nothing exciting about the special forces. You just learn how to suffer and there is nothing good in that.
Don't blow your own horn too much.
I wasn't born with a golden spoon in my mouth.
We knew that the dog would chase the cat.
I think we need to buy some rat poison.
What's your location?
Wages and salary are pay received at regular times.
That could have screwed everything up.
Who is knocking?
You're disgusting.
We are people, not gods.
William and Mary are picking flowers.
Please don't freak out.
Harry is now in jail on murder charges.
Oscar passed the physical test.
Where's the source code?
This palace was built for the rich king.
What!? I can't see anything good about him. Doesn't he just break all the girls' hearts?
Your only talent is getting sick at the wrong time.
It's not a threat.
Your success was nothing short of a miracle.
Love moves the world.
She looks like a monkey.
I'm a Christian.
I think that Joe is beating around the bush.
Oscar has a knife for protection.
The guards change every three hours.
Sometimes I just want to run away and disappear.
George and Catherine told me they planned to rob a bank.
We had a long spell of fine weather.
The baby is not capable of walking yet.
She gave a bone to the dog.
Has Lucy called already?
The passengers on board were mostly Japanese.
Jami didn't talk to the media.
"I care very deeply for you," she confessed.
I did nothing out of the ordinary.
The surface temperature of the sun is around 6000°C.
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.
Today, I have a date with destiny.
Where is the entrance to the dragon's cave?
He went to Africa to see wild animals.
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
Harry and Julia stayed in separate rooms.
Three hostages have been released.
No gift is more precious than trust.
California is famous for its fruit.
I noticed that Jack sat in the front row.
The penny eventually dropped!
I thought the brass section was a little off.
Oliver was almost run over by a dump truck.
Zero is what comes before one.
I hope you have a very merry Christmas.
Alex doesn't seem to be as direct as Margaret.
May the lord be with you.
I can't let you sacrifice yourself.
Jump on the creature to kill it.
James has disappeared without a trace.
Jacob has a wide range of interests.
With this jacket you will not freeze.
Daddy, you smell like you've been drinking.
The reports were confusing.
Oscar lost his beloved son.
William almost always laughs at his own jokes.
The results of the competition will be announced in a few moments.
I mean Jesus, Oscar!
We have a warrant.
She was born in Mexico.
Life is a series of decisions.
You must pull yourself together and face up to life.
Oscar really leads no easy life.
A man of vision will make good in the end.
"By the way, what happened with that pregnancy test?" "It came out negative."
What's your favorite curse word?
Would you gentlemen like to follow me?
It is your shadow in the deep sea.
This is a gorgeous town.
He decided to seek information elsewhere.
There was a smash-up out on Route 66 today.
Do you think he is leading a double life?
The ladies are ready to dance!
The troops refused to obey the command.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom.
Could you come to collect me?
Quite a few people were killed on the cold wave that hit this area.
She put the chain on the door and opened it a crack.
I'm losing clients.
It is not a smoking device.
We really connected.
Witnesses reported seeing Dan almost everywhere in the town.
Joe has been in the hospital for thee months.
Sailing is as the wind blows.
He hoped to pursue a career in international relations.
I want to marry a virgin girl.
I don't blame Jack for hitting Carmen.
Am I fully covered in case of an accident?
I know that James is active in local politics.
I will wire you when I get there.
You must break the vicious circle.
This needs to be thrown away.
Water and bread provide health.
He was sent to prison for a crime that he did not commit.
His name is the glory of this town.
You like a tiger.
She's in the yard.
Adam has been quite frank with me, I think.
Don't forget to fill up the tank.
Despite the fact that I'm worn out, I can't fall asleep.
He is wanting in courage.
Marie has lost her umbrella.
These men had come to his country in three ships.
I don't charge for my services.
Jack went duck hunting last month.
The price of the stock of that company will not come down.
Alex had a mental breakdown.
He lay without movement.
Tommy often lets me use his computer.
It's sand as far as the eye can see.
I won't let you slip away so easily.
This bird can't fly. Its wings are broken.
Tommy was wearing a seat belt.
I think you ought to let Anne go.
Jami is still in police custody.
Muhammad is an FBI agent.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
He played an active part in the revolution.
Where is the Roman Empire?
The fight had settled nothing.
You're pushing me.
We'd love to perform at your conference.
I haven't seen Paul for a long time. The last time I saw him was four months ago.
Is there a delivery charge?
Watch out for his latest movie which comes out next month.
I don't want to go, and besides it's too late.
He has a perfect swing.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large room.
Oliver was beginning to wish he had stayed in the navy.
Every time a species dies out, we lose forever a part of our natural world.
They struggle to pay their bills.
Give a man a mask and he'll tell the truth.
She was stopping passers-by.
I would like a steak and a mixed salad.
That was quite impressive.
Japanese culture and people are really unique.
We are barking like dogs.
Production fell rapidly.
We're already 7 billion.
Harry knows that this is a sensitive issue.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
They captured Rome in June of 1944.
The Germans occupied the north of France.
I've got some dirt on Harry.
The crown of this hat is too high.
I've been dreaming about Oliver.
My husband and I have a joint bank account.
Harry and Mary are whispering to each other.
Betty killed her own mother.
Do me a favour and shut up!
Let's start the ball rolling.
James told me that he could come on any day but Tuesday.
Only at the end does one understand the title.
I went to his graduation ceremony.
This is the first time I've ever trained at night.
She's such a warm and noble person.
The store has enough shoes on hand to supply any normal demand.
Harry has been kidnapped.
May I offer my congratulations?
Please lower the flag.
By degrees their friendship grew into love.
Be sure to bring rain gear.
No country on earth is safe in this nuclear age.
You have three minutes to surrender.
No other creatures can fly as far as fast or as long as birds.
You are my servant.
Muhammad is behind bars again.
She's a gym teacher.
We're business partners.
Dan didn't find the diamond in the safe.
What crimes have you committed?
Jack's team is the worst team in the league.
They'll have a blast.
I know that Oscar is afraid that the police might arrest him.
Oliver has arranged for Alice to meet John on Monday at 2:30.
It Charlie continues doing that, he'll get in trouble.
I can give you comfort.
Just try to wing it.
I was very surprised by Adam's reaction.
He betrayed his friends for money.
It depends on the conditions.
He's a true legend.
I found them lying on the artificial grass.
It wasn't designed for that purpose.
This book is about torture.
Carol will have left for London by eight tomorrow.
What a rip off!
Alex dumped her.
Who's your favorite movie director?
We're going west.
Will you fill out this form, please?
He is a man of spirit.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
I ran outside and the door locked itself behind me. It was almost -40.
I wanted a sports car, but my wife said we needed a van.
Look! There goes a shooting star.
How high above sea level are you right now?
He likes Russian pop.
Harry and Lucy said they were wondering whether John would do that or not.
Who would have been your sweetheart if I had never met you?
I hope that they find whoever is responsible.
When are you flying back to Australia?
Put your weapons on the ground!
People from the East do not look at things the same as we do.
He is a lazy fellow.
This photo shows a man who owns a small food store.
He looks just like an angel.
Pardon me for not getting back to you sooner.
I wonder why Oliver was murdered.
My goal in life is to be Prime Minister.
I am shouting at my kids.
I need a crew.
He hit the center of the target with his first shot.
Do you have many jazz records?
Catherine wanted to be a nurse.
He made a fortune in oil.
We have a guest.
Victory will be ours.
Harry saved the last bullet for himself.
There is a secret base on the other side of the moon.
Anna is twelve years old.
The audience enjoyed his lecture as it was rich in humor.
I'm not falling for this again.
Access to A is available from B.
"Alex and Laur have broken up." "That's ancient history."
She forced herself to stay focused.
He eats like a pig.
He is a British citizen, but lives in India.
I have a job interview tomorrow morning.
A minute of silence.
The relationship between husband and wife should be based on love.
The reason Harry isn't here is because he had to go to Boston for a funeral.
I've never stepped into a poor block.
Adam refused to shake Anna's hand.
The store opens at 9 a.m.
Eva ruined it.
He has his own theory.
My lover doesn't love me.
My brother has become a priest.
I go to the annual community meeting.
God bless you. God bless the United States of America.
Harry got a job as assistant manager.
These people all sound like victims.
This tour is going to be amazing!
Gold is much more expensive than silver.
It's a great pity you don't know him.
The candles on the Christmas tree are burning.
You need to hire an criminal defense lawyer.
Harry needs a lot more therapy.
Oscar is sweating heavily.
Let's find a gas station; we've run out of fuel.
My word is my bond.
Charlie lives like a monk.
The ocean floor is being studied by some scientists.
That's standard practice.
I saw the light at the end of the tunnel.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
Jacob must have nerves of steel.
What is your favorite classic rock song?
It's easier to make plans than to realise them.
My sister's son is our nephew.
Joe is a financial wizard.
What sauce do you use for this dish?
He committed five murders.
What's a jungle?
Adam realized there was only one exit.
Don't spit into the wind.
I'm begging you, don't be mad.
Take the mile instead of the inch.
Put yourself into a status that allows you not only to act, but also to think.
Yesterday ended last night, and today is a brand new day. And it's yours.
The airport is far away from the city centre.
What script is this language written in?
The teacher confirmed that nothing happened.
There was a seal on the shore.
That's not a bug.
I regret my recent behavior.
I don't know what happened at the clinic.
Harry is a traitor.
The class divided into two teams.
There's no need to hail a taxi.
Could you tell me the way to the port?
Go fetch some water from the well.
Adam has his own morning routine.
I love collecting stones at the beach.
That's pretty dramatic.
My principal kicked that teacher out of the school.
Some people are working in the fields.
More students are interested in finance than in industry.
They followed the tracks the car had left.
We will be landing in 15 minutes.
You should apologize to her for being so distant.
I would like to know how you will proceed in this matter.
Susie made a slight motion with her head.
Taking a hot bath helps me take my mind off my worries.
In most Western countries, young people come of age at 18 or 21.
It sounded like French.
Thus I tell you don't just go alone.
You shouldn't skip in reading.
Alex is a true warrior.
Why don't you tend to your own affairs?
Adam forgot the anniversary of their first date.
We are free citizens with the right of vote.
A lion would be scary to have as a pet.
I've already posted your bail.
Oliver found his key underneath the sofa.
Charlie hasn't got a prayer.
I thank the Lord every day.
You have a guilty conscience, don't you?
Our headquarters are in Boston.
The details of the agreement are set forth in the contract.
They're our heroes.
Let's all chip in thirty dollars.
I'm suffering from a frozen shoulder.
He as much as admitted his guilt.
George says I did a lousy job.
The mouse hid from the cat.
Adam called for backup.
He had his hat blown off by the strong wind.
People whose homes are in the town want to live in the country.
The paradise was in my heart.
It's a tradition.
They've cleared out the place.
We should respect the basic human rights of others much more their lives.
Let's replace all of them.
Where's my daddy?
I hope that you fall off a cliff.
The word "physics" comes from Greek, meaning nature.
Oliver has gone underground.
I had not been waiting long before I heard footsteps coming upstairs.
Joe almost never laughs.
Give me the diamonds.
Thank you, Jesus.
She got a job as a recording engineer.
I don't pull them by their hair.
James stood nearby.
Harry is digging his own grave.
Jacob and John are gentlemen.
Joe lost control of the robot.
There are holes in the floor.
The line for the ladies' room was 15 minutes long.
Adam says that he has no intention of returning to Australia.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
The motive for the murder is not yet known.
The number of students is dropping.
This is dangerous territory.
William's timing couldn't be better.
Will there be side effects?
The hills were full of pretty flowers.
Angels are now singing.
Criminals should be punished.
Your view of existence is different from mine.
Muhammad is loyal.
What did you do in the meantime?
You're testing my patience.
Everybody was freaking out.
I could not resist the lure of great profits.
George is quite frank.
I gave him a slap.
It seems he knows Ann.
The doorbell just rang.
Don't you trust my judgment?
They called their lawyers.
He looked to the heavens.
Dan was a homicide detective.
Who's the patrol leader?
Muhammad has earned the right to say whatever he wants.
Rats, how have you prepared for the fact that you will have to work?
A job is not merely a means to earn a living.
The president flies to the city in a helicopter.
Can't you divorce fantasy from reality?
Interest in baseball cuts across classes and ages in this country.
We were lovers for a short time.
It is already August.
I know that that isn't Oliver's signature.
He thought better of marrying her.
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
He served as chairman for three years.
He has a heavy frame.
The sun sets behind the mountain.
It was a relief.
William is Laur's agent.
Where shall we go now? To the theatre or cinema?
He had a very strong impact on the history of art.
The judge took into consideration the fact that it was his first offense.
Paul respects his parents.
Alex looked for his first-aid kit, but couldn't find it.
William is a knight.
How could Oscar be a terrorist?
Besides fruit, we're going to have ice cream.
How many bombs have been dropped?
At ten years old his hair turned grey.
Is the procedure clear?
What makes the earth spin?
Jack sat facing the door.
You clown you.
I don't think Tommy knows who gave that necklace to Susie.
I go on more dates than Alex does.
Adam told Margaret that she shouldn't include her phone number in her profile.
Do you have any idea how hard it was to get a moron like that elected?
They ripped open their presents.
I fear for the future of humanity.
I hear you've done some pretty extreme stuff.
You like to chop wood.
I just love bargain sales.
My wife beats me.
That's not scientific.
It was the increase in population that caused the poverty.
Why do we stroke cats, but pat dogs?
Stretch out your hand to me.
At first, I thought I had an advantage because I spoke a Romance language.
I ate potato chips.
Mars is a planet.
I hope these companies will be ready to deal with us in the future.
There are no wheels on this suitcase.
He's an absolute fool.
A coke, please.
The expression on his face was more sour than a lemon.
I love that commercial.
Harry is a slow walker.
Oliver tried to sneak out of the office without being seen.
Liquor not included.
Can I borrow a drill from you for a few days?
Juan can't help me.
The teacher was threatening us.
My car is parked in the alley.
All that junk is not going to put you out of the mess.
A rocket needs about ten minutes to get into orbit.
You look like a fighter.
Can you stop kicking my seat?
Shell the eggs carefully so you don't get burned.
The prisoner was set at liberty.
Parents and adults punish children when they tell a lie.
Actions should have consequences.
I feel protected.
Let's go and investigate.
Hold down the fort while Jack and I are gone.
They dragged themselves out of bed.
Adam was unable to control his emotions and burst into tears.
All loves are eternal. What changes is the person.
Adam and Lucy are both artists.
Three suspects have been arrested.
He gave a party on a large scale.
I came down here to Florida for the weather.
I'll give you moral support.
Your troubles are just beginning.
Valentina shot herself in the knee.
Jami said that he isn't interested in looking any deeper into that matter.
I can't bend him to my will.
I got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit.
His idea counts for nothing.
George had an alibi for the day of Emma's murder.
One more person will be joining us later.
This medicine tastes bitter.
Eva opened her locker.
He picked them at random.
They call you Indians.
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.
The cold is intense.
There was a brief break in the discussion.
I'm shocked to my core.
You've probably mistaken Joan for her sister.
He made up for the sins of his brother.
Maria is the blonde one.
Please ask Alex to come here and help us fill out these forms.
Tommy writes poetry.
Her son is a jet pilot.
Jack might be a serial killer.
Will there be resistance?
I'll need some tools.
It's worth investigating.
On your way home, pick up a half-gallon of goat's milk.
Lucy and her husband have separated.
Oscar is a pro.
We see that we are unable to get the upper hand.
I met your mothers yesterday.
Jacob won the election by just three votes.
This is Jacob, my colleague.
Olivia likes beans.
Olivia sends her love.
That couple never fights; they are always in agreement on everything.
What's your favorite salad dressing?
Jami worked in the warehouse.
Give me four white plates.
It is hard to maintain one's reputation.
Luckily, Oscar wasn't taken hostage.
Don't let relationships interfere with your studies.
Sydney is Australia's largest city.
I hope to have my car paid off by next September.
That is recorded in the minutes.
He was ordered, by his superior, to write up a proposal for a new product before the day is out.
I never drank anything but soda.
Can you rub my shoulders?
How much is your commission?
She said that she would appeal.
We're sharing your work.
Do you keep play a musical instrument?
You cannot heal a broken heart.
My father makes it a rule to read a few pages before he goes to bed.
The weather was magnificent.
It's enormous!
Blue jeans are a symbol of America.
This is madness.
George works in research and development.
This information checks out all right.
A good management would listen to reasonable demands.
I am feeding my baby.
Two bears can't live in one cave.
Log on to my website.
Where are your quarters?
Can you still squeeze me in?
Were you exposed to anything?
I can't connect to the Internet.
More than half the world’s population lives in cities.
Play in a more relaxed manner.
It's freezing in here.
Her baby was a great blessing to her.
See you soon, Marco!
Joe was rushed to hospital in a critical condition.
My mother is constantly forgetting people's names.
We're all part of the global economy.
Talking to Jack is like talking to a brick wall.
George is deadly serious.
Joe threw his dirty socks on the pile of clothes in the corner of his room.
The reception in the basement is not very good.
I have always had hope in you, Diana, / and that hope I still keep alive.
Good communication with students is essential for effective teaching.
Take whatever you want in the fridge.
All the characters of this comic are girls.
I think Adam and Alice are good leaders.
The rumor was without foundation.
Jami doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
Jacob is banging on the front door.
You're too young to know what a slide rule is.
He planned the project along with his colleagues.
I don't want to be a burden.
He succeeded in entering the university.
Who are some of your favorite actors?
I prefer payment in full to payment in part.
They're too self-absorbed to see how much work they're creating for their parents.
We're humming.
I believe congratulations are in order.
Jami is afraid that the police might arrest Eva.
Valentina continues to deny that she did that.
Jack was named the head of the organization after the director retired.
You should head west.
I'm in the sixth form.
They were weak and broken in spirit.
His joke set the company off into a fit of laughter.
I work not so much for money as for the work itself.
Catherine spent the night in her van.
When the shooting began, I just prayed.
I'm going to raise my English level.
I'll try to pop in later.
I was wondering if you'd like to do that now.
I'll give these tickets to whoever wants them.
A bird was flying in the sky.
Tell your men to drop their weapons.
There is a lake on the east of the village.
He is hardly friendly with his fellow workers.
No matter what happens, George always shows up on time.
The homeless woman had the story of her hard life written all over her face, but she had the smile of an angel.
Pardon me, can you repeat that?
Charlie was murdered in his sleep.
The Prime Minister must step down.
Who were William and Catherine shouting at?
I have a good crew.
What's the target?
I've heard all kinds of stupid things, but your idea has broken all records.
Lucy was no nurse and Jacob's wound got infected.
Oil this bicycle.
I slept in Jami's guest room last night.
Our teachers say ours is the best school in the state, and in a way, it is.
The bullet found its mark.
Anna married without the knowledge of her parents.
Muhammad's speech was so boring that several people in the audience fell asleep.
I had to grab her to keep her from falling.
This ancient table is still in use.
He forced himself to stay alert.
You pig!
British soccer fans sometimes get completely out of hand.
Alex wants me to buy a suit to wear to that job interview.
They rode for some time in silence.
This movie is based on something that really happened.
Oscar went to Australia for a funeral.
I need sun block.
Tommy didn't even shake my hand.
The door opens from within.
We ruined it.
His theory deserves consideration.
I am a car lover.
If I were a man, I think I'd be a priest.
He's a community leader.
God bless you!
I'm Jami's new assistant.
It's important to help victims of fate.
Is the tour going well?
I don't want your gold or your silver.
It's a pity that you're leaving Japan.
People came running out of the burning building, screaming.
No one spoke up in his defense.
Joy to the world! The Lord is come.
She laughs at her own jokes.
We don't know what Jesus looked like.
Pull yourself together, James.
Is there a problem here, gentlemen?
What do you call this beautiful young man who came with these ladies?
Dan failed as a travel agent.
Oscar and Monica had two sons: Paul and John.
You're the only person I know besides me who would prefer to live in a tent.
She's intelligent and sexy.
Oliver led a life of luxury.
Dan started a fight with Matt.
No police officers were injured.
In order to make us and everyone else remember this day, I ask everyone to plant a tree with us.
Switch places with me.
The royal family lives in the Royal House.
You've painted the walls, haven't you?
There is nothing special in the special forces. You just learn how to swim in shit, eat shit and live in shit.
Oscar knows that he'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Margaret.
Her golden hair fell over her shoulders.
Why do dogs chase cats?
I think I smell a rat.
I suggest we move to a safer location.
I'd like to rent a regular car.
He knows he's really screwed up.
Joe came into my room without knocking.
That's disgusting.
The gods are pleased.
Quit picking on her.
Promise you won't freak out.
I won't press charges.
Harry is in good physical condition.
Show me the source code.
The palace is surrounded by the people.
It's easy to break a thousand hearts, but it's difficult to win one.
Talent is like money. It's not necessary to have any to talk about it.
It never crossed my mind that he would actually carry out his threat.
You need a miracle.
It's not the tail that moves the dog, but the dog that moves the tail.
Have you ever eaten monkey brains?
In truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
Jacob felt his heart beating faster.
I need protection.
The guards didn't see Jack.
Disappear!
Dan is planning to rob a local bank.
Could you spell your name, please?
Monica is capable of taking care of herself.
He says he has a bone to pick with you.
Lucy is afraid to walk home alone.
Therefore many people passed away.
I was mostly right.
The media doesn't report this news.
William was deeply impressed.
He's an ordinary looking guy.
The surface of the earth is 70% water.
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
Everyone ought to be a master of his own destiny.
I want to get a tattoo of a dragon on my back.
I want to go to Africa someday.
He who sleeps does not sin.
That's a separate question.
The hostages will be released tomorrow.
Health is the most precious thing we have.
Jacob lives on a farm in California.
I saw William sitting in the first row.
She has to count every penny.
Where's the women's section?
Why did she dump me?
The temperature's fallen below zero.
I just want to wish you a merry Christmas.
It's a direct flight from Tokyo to London.
Making a choice always means making a sacrifice, giving up one thing for another.
These two shirts are made from the same material.
No creature whatsoever can live in space.
There was no trace of evil in her.
Life spread a range of opportunities to you.
Should you always freeze fresh meat?
Please read these reports carefully.
Nothing is as beloved as what one does in vain.
Go into the office. I'll follow you in a few moments.
We've got a search warrant.
Call me after you get to Mexico.
Which drama series do you like best?
Where do you think the path leads?
"I'm afraid of having eye surgery." "It's no time to be saying that kind of thing. At this rate, you might lose your vision completely."
My response is still negative.
It's a curse.
He cast a shadow.
Girls, you're gorgeous!
I seek professional help for my issues.
I didn't know that there was this sort of place just on the route to the high school.
Reality is the leading cause of stress.
Those troops are going into action.
She was the most beautiful woman in the whole kingdom.
I want to make a collect call to Japan.
Margaret and Joe came to wave us good-bye at the train station.
The dog should be on a chain.
He cheated his clients out of a lot of money.
Is that the only advantage of having this device?
Anna hasn't connected her phone to the Internet yet.
We were witnesses of the accident.
When the whistle blows, the race will start.
He decided on international relations.
For some reason or another - probably because she got angry - she started hitting me.
I fully agree with all of you.
He has no interest in politics.
George got Eva to wire him some money.
There seems to be no way out of this vicious circle.
I got thrown out of the bar.
You may be asked to provide your personal information.
Why did Dan commit suicide?
He thinks that they are eager for glory.
George shot at the tiger, but missed it.
We held a yard sale last weekend.
The tank is empty.
Despite everything which took place, he has forgiven him.
Joe and Margaret said that they've been wanting to visit Boston for a long time.
Marie gets up early on her own will.
Some ships were arriving from Europe.
At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services.
I suggest you duck.
Jack is making a lot of money in the stock market.
Here are some tricks you can use to do mental math.
We came to the conclusion that we should support the movement.
School lets out at half-past three.
Put some sand in the bucket.
Anybody could slip up like that.
Open wings.
The red belt goes well with her black dress.
You shouldn't think so much about your looks, Anne. I'm afraid you are a very vain little girl.
Alex's brothers are still in custody.
Muhammad made no attempt to answer Margaret's question.
I am not the least bit happy with this e-book revolution.
The fall of the empire was inevitable.
He settled down to his work.
I kept pushing.
Tommy traveled back in time to perform a mission.
Who made the delivery?
She must come home by 9 at latest.
I'm sure you'll get back into the swing of things.
President Adam Johnson made a victory speech.
He planned to stay in the Navy.
We are in danger of making life impossible for a large number of animal species.
The battle quickly became a blind struggle.
He wore a mask so no one would recognize him.
I was stopping passers-by
Now you've got me all mixed up.
His speech was very impressive. You should have been there.
It's a unique situation.
The noise set the dog barking.
James has written a very good paper on the production of rubber.
A billion people speak the English language.
Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?
He ate a quarter of the cake.
It isn't as hot in June as it is in July.
The Germans have won again.
That bottle is in the dirt.
Are you looking at a crown?
I've been dreaming about this.
Oscar held a joint press conference with Margaret today.
What are you whispering for?
To our surprise, Betty won the trophy.
Would you do me a favour?
Let's get the ball rolling.
I'll see you on Tuesday. I mean tomorrow.
Oliver is writing a book, but it does not have a title yet.
I went to Oscar's graduation ceremony.
Adam's dog isn't very well trained.
He was born into a noble family.
I don't supply my real name to any site on the Internet.
Joe's daughter has been kidnapped.
This sentence had the wrong flag.
Today's low was 3 degrees.
The cog-wheels are in gear.
Germany decided to not use any more nuclear energy.
We'll never surrender.
He is, so to speak, her servant.
Charlie will spend the rest of his life behind bars.
He told me he was going to the gym.
After the break-up with her game partners she started to make trouble for other players.
Dan claimed he stole the diamond from a rich businessman's wife.
When you remember your own crimes, you forget another's.
She's out of your league.
It's been a blast.
They arranged for the picnic.
You need to get out of your comfort zone.
We don't have time to finish the job properly; we're just going to have to wing it.
I wonder what Jack's reaction is going to be.
He said that he'd been betrayed.
People's living conditions are getting better and better.
The legend says he was abandoned in the woods.
There is green grass on the field.
This desk is designed for children.
They're going to torture him.
Carol has a nose for the best Thai cooking anywhere in town.
He let rip.
Margaret dumped him.
Congratulations to them.
If we thought we could prove Harry did that, we'd arrest him.
It is beyond me why he continues to be so upset.
He's a talented young director.
Mr. and Mrs. West are on their honeymoon.
If you want to join the club, you must first fill in this application form.
Jami hasn't lost his fighting spirit.
Laughter filled the room.
Beauty is beautiful in itself.
Jami lives in a van.
Oliver started shooting.
They held almost no power at the national level.
I am not satisfied with pop music.
Since I haven't received an answer, I was wondering if maybe my mail never got delivered to you.
I hope they find whoever is responsible.
He is scared of flying on an airplane.
Any drugs or weapons?
Professor, what do you think of the situation in the Middle East?
He is a very decent fellow.
He always shows off his abilities.
Joe was touched by an angel.
Pardon me, is that seat taken?
Where were you on the night Oliver and Eva were murdered?
He is prime minister in name, but not in reality.
Jami woke up in the middle of the night because his neighbors were shouting at each other.
How many people are in your crew?
They are the target market for this product.
There are a lot of beautiful songs on these records.
I don't want to be a nurse any more.
How long would it take to change the oil?
Waiting for too long for a late guest is a lack of consideration towards those guests who are present.
A female friend of ours took a trip to a small village last week.
Take it! It's a magic bullet.
Is she Anna?
The judge charged the audience to be silent.
Do you have any difficulty falling asleep?
This is an ancient law.
She forced that task on me.
Why are you with a pig?
News of the British attack spread quickly.
We'll give an interview in the afternoon.
The silence is killing me.
Sunday is the Lord's Day.
My decision to attack at this time and place was based on the best information available.
Adam went to Monica's funeral.
I've been around the block.
William reached out to shake Margaret's hand.
Alex opens the gate every morning at 8:00.
Alice ruined me.
It is difficult to understand his theory.
I used to be a cat lover.
Aren't you a priest?
Not every community was affected.
When you laugh, the world laughs with you. When you cry, you cry alone.
There is no god but God, and Jesus is the Son of God.
I had to pull over.
Is there a problem here, ladies?
My assistant threatened to quit.
The rescue team located the victims.
I can imagine how the stars feel on tour.
This isn't silver.
It was a pity Tommy couldn't go camping with us.
Look! The book is burning.
Don't rush to my defense.
I know that Charlie is a former CIA agent.
Where is Paul?
How come you're the only one here besides me?
Yeah, sure, lord it over me, why don't you.
Man is the only animal that laughs.
The money-changers were driven out of the temple by Jesus.
Jack doesn't think we can pull this off.
He really was a ladies' man.
Adam fired his agent.
Paul was reading a short story last night.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
Isn't anybody going to say congratulations?
I'm afraid they're going to arrest Oliver.
I hope Jacob continues to do that.
We need to discuss this with the director tete-a-tete.
I suggest you go west.
Swimming is a form of exercise.
She hasn't lost her fighting spirit.
Laughter is a serious matter.
The idea is not in itself a bad one.
Adam is parking the van.
Be careful, this guy has a shooting license!
Water finds its level.
I'd like to listen to pop music.
I spent all day wondering what I should do.
Whoever you vote for, prices will go on rising.
I knew that Alex was afraid of flying.
No weapons were found in Adam's garage.
I heard that he left town and moved east.
Jami is a lazy fellow.
What are some of your favorite TV shows?
She looked like an angel.
Pardon me, I couldn't get it.
Jack was murdered in Australia three years ago.
I think I need therapy.
He is studying to be a minister.
It began to snow heavily as I got off the train.
Suddenly, I heard shouting.
William isn't a member of our crew.
What kind of fuel do you use in this machine?
I voted for the bond issue.
Adam is a member of a secret society of scientists.
There's a double standard.
Muhammad disappeared into the tunnel.
It was slightly off target.
You are blessed.
There are roses in front of the steel building.
This is a classic.
Jami didn't realise that the joke was on him.
He's like a brother to me: the uncle's cousin's nephew of a friend of mine.
I know Harry is a financial wizard.
He has quite a few records.
Try it without sauce.
William married a nurse.
The lamp needs to be filled with oil.
Jacob got lost in the jungle.
Do you have a back exit?
Spit it out!
I'm begging you. Don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
The bridge is approximately a mile long.
What's your status?
I recommend this brand of coffee.
They passed the hat round to raise funds for the new sports centre.
This is the guest room.
A German hospital confirmed he had been a patient recently.
I doubt that James will be able to seal the deal.
Which bug hurt you?
That's more recent than you think it is.
I'm calling the clinic.
Maybe in a different universe, the emotional and psychic environment is even different from ours.
Are you saying that Muhammad is a traitor?
The two teams fought very hard.
Have you ever seen it hail?
How long does it take to get to your office from the port?
Fetch it and put it on the fire.
There's no magic bullet.
What is your morning routine?
He closed the road with stones.
It was a dramatic moment.
She isn't Anna?
I have lost both principal and interest.
Everything in the fields and mountains looks fresh when spring comes.
The government should invest more money in industry.
Animals leave tracks when they walk in the snow.
Muhammad said the audience was huge.
Taking off is easier than landing.
I had trouble falling asleep.
Harry seemed very distant today.
Let's now proceed to other things.
Do not open while the train is in motion.
They did not have worries.
Cats were sacred animals in ancient Egypt.
She forced herself to stay alert.
Harry lives in the western part of Boston.
Alex says I eat like a pig.
He sounded like he meant it.
Who are you that you spoke thus to me?
Why did you skip school?
John is a British citizen.
How did his interview go?
Susie is a great warrior.
There was a long silence. At length she said, "So you're leaving me."
In love affairs, things heat up fast.
"Do you know what day it is today?" "It's our wedding anniversary!"
The bank was run by private citizens.
Do you have a pet?
It's so typical of him to bail out at the last minute.
What is your favorite prayer?
I have a guilty conscience.
Why don't you go to the police headquarters and report that?
Our company is based in Boston.
So on and so forth.
The funeral was yesterday.
We'll be heroes.
Do you want chocolate chip cookies?
The water is frozen.
Guilt is written all over your face.
Tommy couldn't shake the feeling that something horrible was about to happen.
Money opens all doors.
Harry had a lousy night.
Did you see that small mouse?
The police officer called for backup.
I thought Jack had blown it.
Many people had no homes at all.
Hawaii is a paradise on earth.
It's an old Irish tradition.
Without your help, he would have been ruined.
Charlie stopped and cleared his throat.
Do you not understand basic logic?
It's easier to replace a dead man than a good picture.
James studied music theory.
The bus went over the cliff.
I learned a lot about Greek culture.
Joe is a lover of cinema.
I want to be a priest at all costs.
He killed him and then buried his body underground.
It's great to be part of a community effort.
I've always wanted to follow in your footsteps.
Your eyes are like diamonds.
Aren't you recording us right now?
Do you know by chance of a hotel with a good price nearby?
Why are you digging this hole?
Jacob made a robot.
There were holes here and there.
Contact my assistant if you have any questions.
He's returning to the place that you came from.
Do souls exist?
Where are the victims?
Jami had no motive to kill Anna.
I'm not dropping out of school.
All war is over resources and territory.
Your timing was excellent.
Is the tour going to stop?
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
She took pity on him, because she loved the way he looked at her.
The effects of the medicine were wearing off.
Alice said that she thought she smelled something burning.
We reached the top of the hills at dawn.
Dance with angels.
Criminals!
We believe in the existence of God.
A loyal friend is a real treasure.
In the meantime I've come to understand that this is not such an easy question.
I'm testing my new camera.
Running was my only defense.
It's freaking me out.
I can't resist a woman who knows what she wants.
Don't you ever slap Joe around again.
I made Ann a doll.
I had just finished eating lunch when my doorbell rang.
It's not my place to question Joe's judgment.
Jack and Lucy need to see their lawyers.
Good heavens!
I know Charlie is a homicide detective.
William earned a lot of money.
Rats are small.
Jack is merely a child.
A bird flies.
They're living in a fantasy world.
James often cuts classes on Monday.
Do you think that we were lovers in a past life?
She said she will go to Paris in August.
The contract doesn't yet have their signature.
I'm marrying my best friend.
If you want, it doesn't have to be a fairy tale.
Who'll be elected chairman?
The way you frame a question can change the answer.
Who sets the rules here?
What a relief!
This shop is just in front of the theatre.
That rule holds good in this particular case.
That book had a significant impact on me.
Just don't take offense to my question.
Bring me the first aid kit.
The knight fell in battle.
Do I look like a terrorist?
We don't have enough bombs.
All of your cats are grey.
How long will the procedure take?
Harry took his parents' car for a spin.
The girls are facing each other.
The clown at the circus pleased my children.
Jami doesn't know where Olivia bought her pearl necklace.
I don't go on blind dates.
I saw your profile today at tatoeba.org and I love it. I would like to know more about you, so please email me back and I will send you some pictures of me.
My sister is a moron.
He's ripped.
I will labor in the cause of humanity.
His ideas are too extreme for me.
We like to chop wood.
Sales have increased 30 percent.
Nothing beats real friends.
It seems good to a scientific person, but I prefer to consult you in practical matters.
There was a steady increase in population.
Carmen pat her son on the back.
Get up and stretch before we leave.
Is German a Romance language?
Where are my potato chips?
It was once thought that there was intelligent life on Mars.
Although the economy is weak, some companies are still making a profit.
The wheels turned around.
James is an absolute fool.
When it comes to advertising, Coke is ahead of the game.
I like the taste of lemon water.
After the commercial break, we'll see the second part of the fight.
He must be a good walker to walk such a long distance.
Don't sneak up on people.
He can't hold his liquor.
We had a fire drill yesterday.
Be careful with him. He's a Don Juan.
He's always threatening to quit, but he never does.
There's an alley behind my house.
Is this what you call junk food?
Margaret took off like a rocket. Jami disappeared in the dust cloud she left behind her.
Harry is a fighter.
It's no use kicking at an open door.
Jami tried to get Laur to come out of her shell.
Let me show you a picture of the Statue of Liberty.
They'll want to punish him.
Actions have consequences.
Jami could have protected Mary.
The police will investigate that case.
Charlie built a pillow fort.
Susie grabbed my hand and dragged me away.
Oliver can't control his emotions.
Some people believe in eternal life after death.
Oscar and Olivia both are artists.
Right now there are two suspects.
Could you place your bags on the scale, please?
I'm going to Florida for the winter.
A good person is a moral person.
Be careful, I don't want any troubles.
Joe fell and hurt his knee.
Maybe I should go more deeper into the topic.
Bend down. The ceiling is very low.
Let's split up into groups.
The father of a parent is a grandfather.
Every dollar counts.
Jacob had a very strong alibi for the night of the murder.
You plan to on joining the team, don't you?
He's sexy and intelligent.
Love isn't always so bitter.
Dan saw Matt and Linda sleeping together.
Oscar ran away from the police officers.
So let's plant an apple tree. It's about time.
Alex closed his locker.
He always tells at random.
He knows how to switch off this machine.
We gave him a royal send-off at the airport.
Those people are Indians.
You can't see gas; it's invisible.
There was an intense pain in my head.
Walls are very big these days.
It was a brief journey.
In the special forces, they also teach you how to eat shit and how to love eating it.
Julia knows she'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Jack does.
He is rotten to the core.
Her golden hair fell across her shoulders.
The cat loves to chase mice.
The police think that Jack put rat poison in Lucy's food.
God, forgive me of my sins.
A blonde girl is coming to meet him.
What forms do we need to file?
This is a book of poetry.
It was a perfect location.
I'm about to jet.
That is the regular starting time.
The police suspect that Oliver is a serial killer.
You screwed this up.
The enemy gave in without further resistance.
I often borrow tools from Joe.
Who is knocking on the door?
I don't think that Joe is disgusting.
That's worth investigating.
Man plans things, but the gods decide.
Stop acting the goat!
I'm picking apples.
He's a control freak.
Language and culture can't be separated.
Charges against Charlie have been dropped.
Muhammad does that like a pro.
In the upper left corner it says "For sale".
My mothers are old.
Police failed to produce physical evidence.
Many of the votes were illegal.
I heard it from a reliable source.
I'm a colleague of Adam's.
He will live forever in our hearts.
A growing child who is not full of beans probably needs medical attention.
I respect your talent.
Jami often sends me jokes.
Someone made a threat to kill that politician.
You know how these kind of fights end.
She went into her dressing room.
I don't understand how she did that. That was a miracle.
Where's your warehouse?
Jack and Carmen pushed their plates away.
We'll have to make room for your mother when she moves into our house with us.
We need to maintain focus.
He tried to brave it out while held as a hostage.
I object to being called a monkey.
Do you think long distance relationships can work?
I will go to Sydney on business next month.
Is Jami a Christian?
Will you take this document to the branch?
I can hear your heart beating.
The date on the calendar was September 23, 1964.
Muhammad asked the police for protection.
I don't want what I'm about to say to be recorded.
This machine is superior in quality to that one.
How did Jack get past the guards?
What's your favorite soda?
Will you rub my shoulders?
A commission!
You've blocked me on Facebook, and now you suddenly disappear.
Rob told me the good news!
How do you spell it?
Laur is quite capable of looking after herself.
The defendant was granted an appeal.
Thank you for sharing.
Nobody in my family can play a musical instrument.
He may own a lot of books but there's not an intelligent bone in his body.
May God heal him from cancer!
This book seems to be missing several pages.
The countryside is magnificent.
There is an enormous cross above the Valley of the Fallen.
What does this symbol here mean?
Love is a kind of madness.
It plays an important role in the development of the policy.
I have some checks for Oliver to sign.
We must inform the management of what's going on.
Who's feeding these people?
This area is full of hungry bears.
Lucy is an American.
Harry slept like a log last night.
Three quarters of them agreed.
I can't squeeze this orange. It's dry.
They exposed the books to the sun.
I cannot connect my phone to the Internet.
Half of the world’s population lives in cities.
I think therefore I am.
I find her manner a little hard to take.
It's freezing here!
He mostly kept to himself.
Just one part of what he said got picked up by the media and took on a life of its own.
Good health is a great blessing.
The news moved him deeply.
I know that Marco has been sick.
I don't expect anything out of the ordinary to happen.
The situation is still critical.
I am constantly forgetting people's names.
He stood on the surface of the moon.
Climate change is a global problem.
In the fourth place, I do not want people to think that I am afraid of anything.
Maybe it is destiny.
It's deadly serious.
Look at this pile of laundry.
Jack killed the dragon.
I'm from Africa.
Come down here immediately. I'm at the reception.
It's not a serious sin.
Separate yourself from me.
The hostages will be released before Christmas.
Diana's singing impressed him so much that he asked her to sing on the radio.
Her husband's health is very precious to her.
I think we get some communication problems here.
There's food in the fridge.
Your message should be at least ten characters long.
He has gone back to California for good.
Charlie lives in a row house.
They were important leaders who loved their country.
He robbed me of every penny I had.
He belongs to the planning section.
This project was made possible by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
I think George is going to dump Lucy.
They want to talk to you about areas of mutual interest.
Zero is a special number.
She laughed a merry laugh.
You are carried along with the slide.
However, it is a direct translation of the Japanese version.
Both are my colleagues.
I'm willing to make that sacrifice.
We must all carry our share of the burden.
Is this good material?
A man is a poor creature compared to a woman.
While entering the prison the new guy suffered a heart attack.
Are Oliver and Susie actors?
Go, trace!
Can you save enough money for the down payment?
The news is creating a stir.
Joe started humming to himself.
Don't you have something in my price range?
He'll freeze to death out here.
We have to turn in our reports on Monday.
The state’s government has $34-million plan to protect the beloved animals.
When you feel lonely, remember the happy moments we spent together.
The police were at Jack's door with a search warrant.
She went to Mexico by herself.
He brought up a series of issues at the meeting.
This door leads to the garden.
I just had a vision.
Muhammad always sees the negative in any situation.
It is my curse, I suppose.
I saw a shadow move behind that tree!
It's gorgeous.
There was a poor farmer who had three sons, and on the same day the three boys went to seek their fortune.
Apparently, James was late because there was a traffic jam on Route 19.
The mother is leading her child by the hand.
The Roman troops were exhausted.
I'm going to the United Kingdom.
I stood for a minute or two to collect myself.
Mary didn't wave back.
I thought William didn't know how use a chain saw.
For example, they are not happy to help clients in the store.
This thing is not a smoking device.
Oliver and I just really connected.
In fact, we don't have any witnesses to the accident.
There she blows!
Recently, this area's international relations have become very tense.
Jacob started hitting Lucy.
I was fully alive to the danger.
Politics is the art of the possible.
Should I cut the red wire or the green one?
It is difficult to break the vicious circle of wages and prices.
He should be thrown in jail.
We must provide for future.
I would be sad, but I would not commit suicide.
Glory to him!
She likes a tiger.
Our yard is large.
He's wearing skinny jeans and a tank top.
Harry, do you promise to still love me, despite what I'm about to tell you?
Jack said that Mary has been wanting to visit Australia for a long time.
Marie is very nice.
We still don't know anything about two ships.
We don't need your services.
Watch out! A duck!
Do you have any stock?
Tommy has significant mental health problems.
There is a strong anti-nuclear movement in Germany.
He never lets anyone do anything.
There was nothing here, just sand and more sand.
D-drat! I didn't mean to let that slip..
Where are my wings?
Oscar took off his belt.
Anne won't be coming to our party.
She immediately took the boy into her custody.
He succeeded in the examination at his first attempt.
I'm writing a paper on the French Revolution.
The empire will not last.
I thought this was settled.
You're pushing thirty.
I've gotta go up and perform now.
Would you please let me know the delivery time?
What's the latest with William?
Is it too soon to swing by?
Mr Johnson's house is next to my house.
Harry retired from the Navy in 2013.
What do these two species have in common?
The struggle between father and son lasted a long time.
I put on a gas mask.
We have no way of stopping them.
I'm sorry that I got you mixed up in this.
It looks impressive.
I am unique.
My dog is barking.
Production is low.
A billion seconds is slightly more than 31 years and 8 months.
Jacob is polite and sensitive.
It's a quarter past six.
During the first days of June, it was hot.
Germans are a coffee-drinking people.
Park Street used to be a dirt road.
The crown is the top of the head.
These walks home from school are almost the only time I have for dreaming... except the half-hour or so before I go to sleep.
Oliver could hear Monica and John whispering.
Muhammad speaks Spanish, and so does Betty.
A child on your back may guide you across a ford.
I have a favour to ask you.
Tears were rolling down her cheek.
Come on Tuesday, if it's possible.
What's the title of the book you're reading?
By the way, next week will be our university graduation ceremony.
Boys can be trained to behave.
Her father was noble.
Food has been in short supply.
I was kidnapped.
This flag is very beautiful.
The river rose by degrees.
Do you mean a total nuclear war?
Surrender to the enemy.
The mind should be a good servant, but the heart should be the master.
I thought Oliver was behind bars.
I think I should go to the gym.
James and Valentina are Bridge partners.
This diamond is not real.
Crime only seems big because the state has created so many crimes.
Jami is in a different league.
What a total blast!
They arranged a meeting.
Comfort Oscar.
I have a left wing neighbor.
Oscar was surprised by Lucy's reaction.
Muhammad and Lucy said they were betrayed.
Do they agree to our conditions?
For the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows.
Grass doesn't grow faster if you shoot it.
It was designed by Harry.
The prisoner died under torture.
Carol is driving a rent-a-car.
That's a rip off!
She dumped him.
Jacob read the Lord of the Rings.
Only the devil laughs at his grandmother.
What would Jesus do?
I don't think that we can pull this off.
Joe is dancing with the ladies.
Jack is a real estate agent.
Paul is such a nice guy that everyone immediately likes him.
The weather was cold that day, and besides, it was raining.
Congratulations to you!
Adam was afraid that the police might arrest Catherine.
God continues to give me hope.
Without his wife's money, he would never be a director.
This city is west of London.
If you have other problems, please send them to me through the form.
This woman is haunted by a spirit.
When he heard the joke, he burst into laughter.
Well, after all Japan also cut itself off from the world.
Muhammad told me to get out of his van.
The shooting occurred Monday morning.
I must say that your writing is at a pretty good level!
Muhammad showed Anna how to pop popcorn.
She's wondering where the key is.
Whoever did this was smart.
That plane is flying too low.
The soldiers had more powerful weapons.
Which way is east?
He's a strange fellow.
I don't like the same kind of TV shows as Adam.
Monica is watching 'Touched by an Angel'.
Pardon me, please.
My parents were murdered when I was only three years old.
I really think I'd like to be a minister's wife when I grow up.
The workers were shouting in French.
The crew is large.
To target these young people is wrong – because they have done nothing wrong.
I went back and checked your old records.
She's a nurse.
Many people prefer to cook with butter instead of oil.
Name is but the guest of reality.
Victory is ours.
I bit the bullet and actually told her.
He knows how to charm this audience.
I'm falling in love with you.
This joke is ancient!
You can't be forced to testify against your husband.
She eats like a pig.
Who's your favorite British author?
I have a job interview tomorrow afternoon.
Could we have a minute of silence?
I'm based in Australia now.
I saw them at the funeral today.
Adam couldn't shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen.
By the way, may I ask when in the evening your restaurant opens?
You'll be ruined.
Harry developed his own theory.
She has a lover.
This is the priest who married them.
Charlie's death was a huge blow to the community.
Old people were tricked by the shop assistant.
They are victims of the so-called war.
Is Harry going on tour?
They wanted to deal in gold and silver.
It's a pity that Jack couldn't be here today.
Tommy realized that the only to get out of the burning building was to jump out the window.
Good Lord, what happened?
Laughs best who laughs last.
Who is the son of Susie? Jesus.
Pull it out.
Where is the ladies' room? I want to wash my hands.
I'm an agent.
Paul, do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
It's too late now. Besides, it's starting to rain.
Congratulations on being accepted to the school you've always wanted to go to.
Did the police arrest them?
The wait continues.
We will hire a new director.
I suggest going west.
George usually plays a good game of tennis, but he isn't in good form today.
So it is with everyone born of the Spirit.
The laughter died away.
The door opened by itself.
Charlie lives in his van.
James kept shooting.
What's wrong with being sexy?
I was led to the conclusion that we made a fatal mistake.
Dan beat up Linda's brother, Matt.
The criminal was arrested by two police officers.
I love the music in this level.
No plant can grow in this climate.
I thought I'd just pop by.
Harry and Alice said they were wondering whether John wanted to do that or not.
Would you like me to switch on the light?
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
She painted the walls white.
Special forces are the real tough guys.
Whoever comes will be welcome.
You're the only person I know who can play the French horn.
The golden age is before us, not behind us.
I'll be flying to Germany.
Like all dogs, he'll chase a rabbit if he sees one.
I killed the rat with a stick.
What is your present location?
She is a regular beauty.
He screwed up.
Don't come in my room without knocking.
I gave James the weapons he wanted.
Alex went to college on the East Coast.
Don't fellow me.
What a disgusting individual!
The home shows the soul.
The gods will be pleased.
She sings like an angel.
Stop picking your nose.
Promise me that you won't freak out.
Sorry. I beg your pardon?
What exactly are the charges?
I read in the newspaper that he had been murdered.
The former minister of energy was elected president on Sunday.
Why are you shouting?
The whole crew was saved.
Where you are is not just your physical environment.
The only way to stop the pain is to stop the source of the pain.
The tongue has no bones but is strong enough to break hearts.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Alex didn't take the threat seriously.
It's a miracle that you were able to survive.
And yet it moves!
It's monkey meat.
Appreciate the little things in life - they will bring you to a bigger end target.
I am a Christian girl.
That naughty child needs a good beating.
The Society for Protection of Nature is a non-profit, non-governmental organization.
His father got records of bird songs for him.
The nurse sat little Jack down and told him to stick out his tongue.
Keep oil away from the fire.
There were armed guards everywhere.
Joe watched the plane disappear into the distance.
Did someone rob you?
We had a spell of fine weather last autumn.
I knew Muhammad wasn't capable of doing that.
He is Japanese to the bone.
George is a guest.
That would be Jami's problem, not ours.
Jackson asked the doctor to cut out the bullet at once.
We had hardly arrived when Lucy started crying to go home.
I don't think, therefore I do not follow.
She mostly kept to herself.
It is not possible to record in this media.
His lecture had a large audience.
I know that you cared deeply for Jacob.
Muhammad wasn't aware that anything out of the ordinary had occurred.
I'm falling in love.
The surface temperature of the sun is assumed to be about 6000°C.
Jami has been going out with Lucy ever since they met at a fourth of July picnic last summer.
It is an ancient, popular and traditional festival.
Our destiny depends on our decisions.
Bad weather forced us to call off the picnic.
It's a dragon!
Joe has always been a pig.
Who owns Africa's resources?
Come sin with me.
Don't you two have separate bank accounts?
Joe released all the lions of the zoo.
I'm spending precious years of my life on you, and you don't appreciate it!
Jacob has a British accent.
Harry has granted me an interview.
Charlie and Mary were eating in silence.
First time to California?
I had the honor to sit in the first row.
"How money do you have?" "A penny and a half; how much do you have?" "Not as much." "How much then?" "One penny."
Could you please tell me where the produce section is?
I think that Charlie is going to dump Carmen.
Because of his score of zero, he didn't dare to return.
Merry Christmas! What right have you to be merry? What reason have you to be merry?
This is a direct order.
We sacrifice a lot.
This movie is based on a book by Oliver Jackson.
We buy a lot of material in the summer because there's nobody around.
However, it was not just me – there was one more person, no, one more creature visiting.
Harry couldn't afford to pay for his mother's funeral.
There was a trace of anger in her voice.
Cars are now available in a wide range of prices.
We hope that you won't freeze.
Shake my hand.
The store also opens at night.
She ruined my life.
Further study will prove that the theory is right.
I have a dozen reports to read.
He wasn't the best lover either.
My brother became a priest.
He gives back to the community.
Happy birthday, my beloved friend.
I'll need a few moments alone with Joe.
The police executed a search warrant on my brother's apartment.
Mexico is a country located in North America.
I like to watch this series.
At 90, James's grandmother still leads a very active life.
I was haunted by the vision at the window.
The results of the test were negative.
Gambling is a curse.
Evil exists, but not without good, as shadow exists, but not without light.
You really are the most gorgeous woman here.
Seek, and you will find.
It is a good idea to plan your route before you leave.
He is leading a fast life.
Good lord.
Your assistant wouldn't let me in.
The American troops held their ground.
This kingdom needs a new king.
Dan didn't even let Linda collect her clothes.
The ship was hit by a big wave.
"Did he take his job?" "Yes, he is located higher up in the food chain."
We're the victims here.
A lot of clients come to the lawyer for advice.
Do you know how to turn this device on?
George is connected with that company.
There were witnesses.
She made a tour around Europe.
Jack was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
You should take pity on the poor child... He doesn't even have a home.
It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good.
Alex got in a burning car and burned.
Harry didn't blame Monica for hitting John.
Jack is fully aware of the problem.
Are you involved in politics?
Where did you get that piece of wire?
How can we break out of this vicious circle?
He was in a bad mood because his girlfriend had just thrown him out.
She could no longer provide for her kids.
You had just enough time to drive to Boston and commit the murder.
Let's all make a toast to our glory days.
He laughs at his own jokes.
You may as well call a cat a small tiger as call a tiger a big cat.
Go to the Church, you'll find Jesus there.
His dog was running in the yard.
The gas tank is almost empty.
Please pull over.
Despite not having an education, he is still a semi-skilled worker.
I've been wanting to see you.
I've just seen Marie at the park.
Iron is used in building ships.
My services are free.
The duck disappeared.
Do you know those ladies?
Jacob hid in the stock room.
Your mental age is too low.
He played a key role in the movement.
Tommy lets Olivia get away with almost anything.
George loaded the truck with sand.
Joe, you can't let this opportunity slip away.
I wish I had wings to fly.
Driving without a safety belt will cost you a fine of 60 euros.
I hope you'll try to control your temper now, Anne.
Harry has been taken into custody.
He failed in his attempt to swim the river.
The chapter on the Russian Revolution really blew me away.
What decided the end of the Roman Empire?
Calm down, we've already settled the matter of the dog.
Everyone was pushing, trying to escape.
Jacob has an important mission to perform.
How long do I have to wait for delivery?
She is singing the latest popular songs.
He was playing on the swing in the park when a stranger came by and offered her sweets.
Mr Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Jacob and Catherine joined the navy.
It is better to struggle and suffer than to have everything and be bored.
He was wearing a mask.
Why isn't Adam stopping?
William had mixed feelings.
Tommy was impressive.
The longer the sentence, the more likely it is to be unique.
My neighbor's dog is barking.
Production is turning down.
What would you do if you had a billion dollars?
Just be sensitive.
Can you recommend a good travel agent?
She ate a quarter of the cake.
It's not as hot in June as it is in July.
For living the good life, the Germans say, "to live like God in France".
They washed the dirt off their faces.
Am I going to have a false tooth or a crown?
Time is of the essence, Paul. If you don't tell her how you feel now, you'll never have another chance.
I was dreaming about you.
Charlie pretended not to hear Lucy and John whispering.
I remember you often went to Betty's house to tea when you were a little girl.
Was there anybody else besides you?
Would you mind doing me a favour?
I kept the ball rolling by talking.
Today is Tuesday.
I couldn't remember the title of that song.
It just wouldn't be right not to go to Joe's graduation ceremony.
She was trained as a doctor.
Your father was noble.
The biggest problem we have is supply.
I've been kidnapped before.
This is a flag.
Answers display different degrees of understanding.
This time, the nuclear test was a success.
Alex had no choice but to surrender.
I am your servant.
Harry's time behind bars is over.
I belong to a gym.
The two men were business partners.
Charlie bought Anna a diamond ring.
This is the house where the famous crimes took place.
Tommy is out of my league.
We've had a blast.
The girls arranged their party.
Leaving our comfort zone is quite complicated.
I have a right wing neighbor.
Can you imagine what Jack's reaction would've been?
You betrayed me.
The clerk in the hotel lobby knows a lot about the local traffic conditions.
According to legend, ghosts would come out in that forest, so people would not enter that forest.
The grass came to life with the coming of spring.
I'm the one who designed this jacket.
They're going to torture her.
The maid had already cleaned the room when Carol walked in.
The taxi guy wanted to rip me off.
James dumped me over the phone.
I don't believe in group therapy.
It's raining heavily.
You are running low on fuel.
Jacob is currently out of jail on bond.
Carmen made it plain that she didn't want to do that.
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world.
It's standard policy.
Building a tunnel from Japan to China is out of the question.
She says if women were allowed to vote we would soon see a blessed change.
He has a will of steel.
I want to get that classic car no matter how expensive it is.
A nephew is the son of a sister.
After having read the economic white paper, I am beginning to see the light on our financial standing.
This sauce is quite hot.
What a jungle!
The exit is usually where the entrance was.
Alex spit on the floor.
I'm not begging you.
The island is nearly a mile across.
What's your status, Jacob?
This is brand new.
James seems to believe that he's the centre of the universe.
Those figures couldn't be confirmed.
I had the chance to seal it.
Don't bug me.
Is this a recent photo?
The clinic is at 1439 Park Street.
You called me a traitor.
George and Valentina played on their college teams.
Hail a taxi.
The ship at length reached the home port.
She's playing fetch with her dog.
I follow my routine every day.
Watch out for big and small stones on the road!
William can be a little dramatic.
James is the principal of a high school.
Water is still standing in the fields.
The movie industry became a big business.
Muhammad stopped dead in his tracks.
We'll be landing in 15 minutes.
Tomorrow a distant cousin is coming.
How shall I proceed?
Jacob didn't vote on the motion.
She worries about my health.
Western clothes are easier to work in than Japanese clothes.
That sounded weird.
Thus Do They All.
It is common for students to skip breakfast before going to school.
Monica is a proud warrior.
I have lots of affairs to look after.
Today is Oscar and Emma's wedding anniversary.
All citizens should respect the law.
He bent down to pet his dog.
If you can't make bail, you'll have to stay in jail.
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
She said her conscience was clear.
George and Laur threw the ball back and forth.
We need heroes.
She bought a dozen chocolate chip cookies for her son.
It's still frozen.
The defendant admitted her guilt.
The food at this restaurant is not good, the prices expensive, and the service lousy. In short, don't go to this restaurant.
Jami is as poor as a church mouse.
Luckily, I had a backup plan.
My hat was blown off.
Many lost their homes in the earthquake.
You gave me back the paradise I thought I'd lost.
It's a holiday tradition.
The big nations should not interfere with the smaller nations.
I need everybody cleared out of here, at once.
What's your opinion on basic income?
Adam will be difficult to replace.
His son fell over the cliff.
Linda is studying Greek.
Where's the underground station?
William and Catherine wanted to follow in their father's footsteps.
William never told Valentina where he hid the stolen diamonds.
I'm recording.
Do you live nearby?
The dog was digging a hole.
Charlie dressed as a robot for Halloween.
Tommy was wearing an old T-shirt with holes in it.
Instead of returning home, come with us.
It's a town of three thousand souls.
Now we are better able to understand their motive.
Just dropping by quickly to let you know we're aware of some of the issues.
Your timing couldn't be better.
Charlie got worried when he learnt about the medicine's side effects.
The hills were covered with snow.
I have seen angels and talked with them.
Police caught the criminals.
Do you believe in the existence of God?
Jacob is loyal to his country.
In the meantime, let's listen to some music.
Further testing is needed.
Joe is freaking out.
He did not resist.
Don't make me slap you.
He liked Ann, but then his parents didn't.
I was in the basement when the doorbell rang, so I didn't hear it.
I've always trusted your judgment.
Lawyers are a bunch of thieves.
There is nothing in the Heavens and on the Earth that love cannot give.
Joe is a suspect in a homicide investigation.
She earned three thousand euros in one night.
The pope appeared in his red robe.
Nobody likes rats.
Today's loss is not merely a waste.
Flies are insects.
You're living in a fantasy land.
I haven't registered for classes yet.
If two past lovers can remain friends, it's either because they are still in love, or they never were.
We went camping in August.
This letter has no signature.
Would you consider marrying someone who hasn't graduated from high school?
It reads like a fairy tale.
Jacob became the acting chairman of the committee.
It's best for Muhammad not to be left alone in that frame of mind.
Let's sit here until the sun sets.
I fancy I know this feeling of relief.
Whom did you see at the theatre?
This rule holds good at all times.
How much of an impact did that have on the result?
They took the fun out of everything by not taking offense to it.
Alex put the first aid kit back where he found it.
Julia said that she wasn't a terrorist.
We've run out of bombs.
The cloud is grey.
I explained the procedure to James.
The airplane went into a spin.
Unfortunately I don't understand a word when you speak facing away from me.
Harry is a clown.
The necklace looks great on you.
Tommy never dates older women.
I want to keep a low profile.
Tommy is a moron.
I think we got ripped off.
Humanity has suffered more from war in this century than ever before.
Harry's ideas were extreme.
Chop, chop!
He who beats his wife hurts himself.
He played a very important part in our scientific research.
The story was too pat and I got rather suspicious.
Stretch the pizza with your hands.
Italy is the country of romance.
Carmen just couldn't stop herself from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
Is your religion relevant on Mars?
They own their own companies.
How many wheels does this truck have?
The rumor proved to be an absolute lie.
Normally I eat popcorn and drink Coke when I watch a movie, but this time I'll eat candy.
This salad has a lemon taste.
Charlie took a commercial flight to Boston.
You must be a good walker to have walked all the way.
James tried to sneak out of the house, but his parents caught him.
My father doesn't drink hard liquor.
Is this a drill?
Juan is getting dressed.
You're not actually threatening me, are you?
Charlie said that this is up your alley.
You eat too much junk food.
It's not rocket science.
Jami is a good fighter.
You must be kicking yourself.
He has come out of his shell.
Are you at liberty to talk?
What's the best way to punish a dog?
James said that Mary needed to be protected.
George is going to investigate.
He dragged himself out of bed.
Catherine couldn't control her emotions.
May our friendship be eternal.
The artists were shocked.
Oscar and I were both suspects.
Try playing this scale.
I'm going to Florida next Friday.
A moral person doesn't lie, cheat, or steal.
As close friends, we must share our troubles.
Margaret fell down and hurt her knee.
We must make an effort and go deeper into the matter.
You can't bend me to your will.
The two groups met as friends.
Your dad is your parent, too.
Every vote counts.
I don't have an alibi for Monday night.
Jacob kept me from joining the group.
Victory is bitter.
The police searched Tommy's school locker.
You are random.
The Indians were not happy with this agreement.
I might as well be invisible.
Jacob is a very intense person.
James locked eyes with Alice for a brief moment.
The debt for all of our sins is already paid in full.
Emily has blonde hair.
Water and ice are the same substance in different forms.
I have always been very passionate about poetry.
He turned on the tap, and out came a jet of water.
He was active in the resistance.
These tools are badly in need of repair.
Authorities are still investigating.
They ate a pizza with goat cheese.
We got separated.
You're the pro.
He took her by the upper parts of her arms.
He found his mothers.
Were those women in favor of votes for women?
Jacob is my colleague.
Who likes beans?
William sends money home to his family every month.
Border fights were common.
The bus had left by the time my wife finished dressing.
I saw Oscar's car parked outside the warehouse.
Alex made sure that his children ate everything on their plates.
He can't maintain a conversation.
Oscar is my hostage.
I consider relationships to be the most important thing in life.
My father goes to Sydney twice a year on business.
He offered an olive branch.
I have known him since September.
We weren't aware that we were being recorded.
This is superior to that.
This soda is less sweet than that.
Rub my shoulders.
We charge a commission of 3%.
Let's appeal to the people to see what they'll say.
Thanks for sharing that.
Everyone in my family can play a musical instrument.
We can heal the world.
There are two hundred pages.
She has had a magnificent career.
He has enormous fingers.
In Italy the child is a symbol of innocence.
There is a method to this madness.
I love technology, but like most people, I've never played an active role in its development.
They're still waiting for their checks.
However fine the words of the management, those working for them see what is to be seen.
Muhammad is feeding the cows.
Bears are quite dangerous.
William and Laur live in a log cabin.
Alex was asleep in his quarters.
Jack gave Margaret's hand a squeeze.
Joe exposed himself to danger.
Will you please connect me with Mr. Smith?
Most European cities are very old.
The sentence was death, and not the manner of dying.
I'm freezing!
People do not know the blessing of good health until they lose it.
The situation is extremely critical.
If you want that water pistol you'll just have to save money and buy it yourself. I can't constantly buy toys for you. I'm not made of money.
China is a huge global player.
Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room.
There's a reception at Adam's place this Sunday.
Princess Diana's tragic death shocked the world.
It is my belief, that communication is a human right.
Take an egg from the fridge.
We studied more than 800 Chinese characters.
They're our leaders.
Your idea has no foundation at all.
I don't think Alex and Anna know how to use slide rules.
She lost her colleagues' trust.
I don't want to burden you with my problems.
We should take off our shoes before entering the house.
Jack couldn't afford to hire professional actors.
The couple wasn't able to produce the down payment for the loan.
You're humming.
Trust in the Lord.
Everybody laughs.
When he saw Jesus passing by, he said...
If you don't pull up your pants, something will be showing that you don't want seen.
You're quite the ladies' man, aren't you?
Susie called her agent.
Congratulations on your big victory.
One year later, Paul was born.
You're the only person I know besides me who is actually interested in this kind of thing.
Did the police arrest him?
She continues to think that we are friends.
The director thought about his answer and spoke again.
Near the west side of the park there's a lot of noise from the road, but when you go into the park you can't hear it any more.
Tell me how to fill out the form.
He entered into the game with great spirit.
Laughter is good for your health.
Doubt even doubt itself.
I loaded the van.
People reported a shooting at Jackson street.
He reached the last level.
John is mad about pop music.
Tommy and Valentina said they were wondering whether John could do that or not.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
We're flying to Australia on Monday.
The use of chemical weapons is a war crime.
Japan is in East Asia.
He is such a lazy fellow.
Experience shows that to love doesn't mean to look at each other, but rather to look together into the same direction.
Are you an angel?
Pardon, I am late to the meeting.
I admitted I was arguing with Joe the day he was murdered.
I spoke with the minister myself.
You won't get anything by shouting.
All the crew were saved.
I thought I'd get in some target practice.
We keep records.
The nurse checked Jami's pulse.
I ran off some of the oil.
Oscar is the guest of honor.
The problem isn't ours.
Laur saved the last bullet for herself.
His powerful speech carried the audience with him.
Oscar feared falling down.
The focus of today's class will be on ancient Greece.
He had such a headache that he was forced to abandon the meeting.
I've been called a pig before.
I missed the British accent so much.
Do you intend to take part in the interview?
Let's have a minute of silence.
It's based on real events.
Alex's funeral will be this weekend.
I can't shake this feeling.
When a door closes, another one opens.
She ruined me.
What's Muhammad's theory?
I love cats so much, I can't help it, I'm a crazy cat lover.
I know that Jami used to be a priest.
Muhammad is a highly-regarded member of the community.
Do you like being James's assistant?
Charlie said that he knows both of the victims.
The successful concert tour established her reputation as a singer.
I buy silver from a man who owns a mine.
It's a pity that you can't join us.
Jacob went back into the burning house to get Lucy.
Be with God and be a lord. (Obey God to be a king)
Everyone laughs at someone who makes a mistake.
Jesus answered them.
Oscar is the only man in the world that can pull this off.
Oliver was quite a ladies' man when he was younger.
I know Tommy used to be a real estate agent.
We have known Paul for a long time.
You're the only person I know besides myself who doesn't like watching baseball.
Do you think I'm sexy?
An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.
Dan shot Matt in self-defence.
Where are my officers?
Every plant needs water and light.
There's a light switch right inside the door.
Is Charlie a member of the Royal Family?
Even walls have ears.
They abandoned the hill to enemy forces.
Margaret knows she'll never be able to play the French horn as well as George.
It was Jami's first time to see the Golden Gate Bridge.
If it's an aggressive strange salesman, then call me right away. I'll chase him off.
It's rat meat.
William said his house wasn't in a good location.
Harry's had regular run-ins with the law, and is considered the black sheep of his family.
He finally got his head screwed back on.
I was about to get in the bath when I heard someone knocking on the door.
That was the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted.
Let us pray to the gods.
I've found a way to overcome my habit of always picking fault with others.
Don't call me a freak.
I refuse to reply to these charges.
More and more young people are going under the knife to improve their physical appearance.
Every river has a source.
He will forever be in our hearts.
We have a lot of talent here.
"Don't threaten me!" - "That's not a threat - that is a promise!"
It's a miracle she's still alive.
Jacob made all the right moves.
The monkey climbed up the tree.
Charlie said that he wasn't a Christian.
I saw him beating the animal.
There have been a lot of complaints about the lack of police protection.
The secret service guards him against attack.
Joe wanted to disappear.
They tried to rob me.
I don't think I have to spell it out for you.
Joe is capable of doing that.
She'd better bone up on company policy.
Have you called Lucy yet?
I think, therefore God exists.
They mostly kept to themselves.
Muhammad's mistakes on social media soon ended his marriage to Eva.
William was deeply disturbed by this news.
Alex is just an ordinary person.
Her sisters often asked her what she had seen on her first visit to the surface, but she never would tell them anything.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
It must've been destiny.
The animal in the top left-hand corner is meant to be a dragon.
Today, we celebrate Africa day.
As in everything else, there's something beautiful about sin.
"Here's where we separate the men from the boys." "What about the girls?"
Version 1.5.0 of the software has just been released.
He is precious to us.
He was a fruit farmer from California.
I am sitting in a row.
Charlie doesn't have a penny to his name.
Oscar read the sports section first.
Is Dan going to dump Linda?
If you just write a zero in this number's ones' place, it'll be correct.
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
Adam took a direct flight to Boston.
Your sacrifice was not in vain.
She is collecting material for a book.
Are you a creature of habit?
There was no trace of him.
The victim was shot at close range.
Freeze right there!
Have you finished writing your reports yet?
You're my beloved.
I only have a few moments.
We have a search warrant.
Are you a kid from Mexico?
I don't like how the series is ending.
This door leads to the study.
Do you have a vision of your future?
I took a pregnancy test, but it was negative.
Do I curse too much?
Shadow him.
These are gorgeous.
He would seek re-election.
The route was blocked by a tree.
Would you mind leading the discussion?
The troops advanced twenty miles.
He has been to the United Kingdom twice.
Did you collect the money they owed you?
That is the perfect wave.
I had better chain up the dog so that he won't bite.
The shop won't be open for clients tomorrow.
This machine doesn't have a safety device.
Oscar is well connected, isn't he?
There weren't any witnesses.
What made us come to blows?
2015 has been declared the International Year of Light by the United Nations.
Mom, Lucy's hitting me!
Jacob is lying fully dressed on his bed.
He knows nothing about politics.
The police asked Harry to wear a wire.
I was trapped in a vicious circle.
I would've thrown you out.
I'm trying my best to provide for you and your brother.
Nobody had an idea that Jami was going to commit suicide.
A tiger appears near here.
The children are playing in the house yard.
There's two fish in a tank, and one says to the other: "'How do you drive this thing?"
Despite their great wealth, they are not happy.
I've been wanting to do that, too.
Marie accused him of having stolen the bike.
Loose lips sink ships.
Services of better quality are in demand.
I'm a dead duck!
This company's stock closed at 932 yen yesterday.
Here are some tricks to help you do mental math.
He is being carried away by a student movement.
Tommy never lets me do what I want.
We cannot walk on the hot sand with bare feet.
Be careful not to slip on the ice.
I wonder how it would be to have wings!
Is that the belt I gave you?
"I can't go through the Haunted Wood," cried Anne desperately.
George has been taken into police custody.
He made a bold attempt.
This book's main topic is the American revolution.
I thought we had settled this.
Try pushing the other button.
There's so much stress put on kids to perform well in school, but with good reason.
She had an easy delivery.
His car is the latest model.
Mr Johnson ran fastest of the three.
Why do you want to join the navy?
Sometimes I struggle to speak English.
Take off your mask.
There's no stopping now.
They mixed themselves drinks.
This isn't exactly impressive.
Every one of us is unique.
The dog is barking at Muhammad.
He told me to cut down the cost of its production.
1.3 billion people around the world lack access to electricity.
I am a sensitive person, you know.
I looked at the clock. It was a quarter to twelve.
I hope to be able to go in June.
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.
There are a lot of Germans on this island.
We take dirt for granted.
I see a crown.
I wasn't dreaming.
What are you guys whispering about?
Betty killed everyone.
May I request a favour of you?
Are they going to arrest you?
I can help get the ball rolling.
I hope this good weather continues.
Next Tuesday is my birthday, and I'm having a birthday party.
I wasn't able to remember the title of that song.
Jami didn't even bother going to his graduation ceremony.
They're trained in first aid.
He is a man of noble blood.
I don't supply my real name to any Internet site.
Oliver has just been kidnapped.
This American flag was made in China.
He is getting better by degrees.
They are afraid that nuclear war will break out.
We won't surrender.
This is Professor Oak, the director of this experiment.
Money is a good servant but a bad master.
Oscar is behind bars now.
He works as a gym teacher.
Jack and I were business partners.
I don't think that that's a real diamond.
Alex was punished for his crimes.
Our team is the worst team in the league.
I've had a blast.
He began his trip to the West.
We had arranged to meet at 10, but, even now, I have had any contact from them at all. You don't think they got into an accident somewhere or something?
If you insist on staying in your comfort zone, you won't go very far.
She sort of took me under her wing.
What was their reaction to the report?
Monica felt like she'd been betrayed.
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning.
I signed the form.
He really is a legend, isn't he?
It was so nice to sit on the grass in the spring sun.
What's your spirit animal?
I'm dying of laughter.
The airplane found itself in the eye of the storm.
Jack is the one who designed this jacket.
I hope they don't torture us.
Carol refused; in other words her answer was "no."
Is there place for this box inside the van?
We listened to the shooting.
She dumped him because she thought he was a jerk.
How far above sea level are we?
I think I'll pop in on Charlie and see how he's doing.
Just wondering how you are doing.
Lucy may talk to whoever she wants to.
The airplane was flying above the clouds.
Do you carry weapons?
The sun rises in the east.
He is quite a nice fellow and liked by everyone.
Which shows do you like to watch?
Charlie is no angel.
Pardon!
I was in Boston the night William and Julia were murdered.
The new minister took over the job on Monday.
Why is everybody shouting?
Are you a member of this crew?
It stopped short at a result far from the 10% taken as the target.
Records exist to be beaten.
My sister is a nurse.
He is famous as an oil king.
I can help the next guest in line.
You said that the problem isn't ours.
Alex was wounded by a bullet in the neck.
We have an audience.
I think I'm falling in love with Oscar.
Muhammad found an ancient map.
All at once, I was forced to take an attitude that would change my life forever.
2019 is the Year of the Pig.
They had just fought a war to end British rule.
Thank you for coming in for the interview.
For young people silence is better than talking.
That movie is based on a book of the same name.
I saw George at the funeral.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the backyard.
He never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
He ruined my life.
What's your theory?
Susie has a new lover.
I'm a priest.
We have a community with wonderful people.
Joe is a physician's assistant.
They are, as it were, victims of the war.
Where can I take a tour of the city?
I have several silver coins.
I don't want Alex's pity.
The lamp was still burning.
Pray for us to the Lord our God.
Muhammad doesn't like how Alice laughs.
Jesus loves you.
Pull the other one.
Excuse me, where's the Ladies?
Oliver is Olivia's real estate agent.
Besides smoking, my father drinks.
Very good job! Congratulations!
No arrest was made.
It continues to grow.
We should discuss about it face to face with the director.
What do you think, Miss West?
Walking is a healthy form of exercise.
I love your spirit.
Are you sad? Laughter is the best medicine.
The gate opened all by itself.
I could have died in that van.
While Jack was looking through the window, a shooting star fell from the sky.
James took it to a whole new level.
After Adam had eaten all the popcorn in the bowl, he went back into the kitchen to pop some more.
Charlie said that he was wondering whether Susie needed to do that or not.
Whoever may say so, it is not true.
I'm flying out to New York City tomorrow.
You have weapons, right?
No one knows whether there will be a war in the Middle East.
He seems to be a nice fellow.
He shows no mark of progress.
You can't argue with an angel.
He asked for my pardon.
There's no doubt that Jami was murdered.
I'm a minister.
I heard someone shouting my name.
William was a member of our crew.
Joe hit the target.
Alex keeps very careful records.
I have a daughter who's a nurse.
He is said to have made a fortune in oil.
This therapy is very complex.
After his father's death, Harry started drinking heavily.
The last guest did that.
Beer is my fuel.
Which is longer, a single bond or a double bond?
The reason for this is plain.
Their clothes were blue, ours were white.
The scientists gathered data.
He had three bullet wounds in his chest.
No woman could measure up to his standard.
I hope the light at the end of the tunnel is not from the train coming on me.
I am blessed with my life.
She has a mind like a steel trap.
A nephew is the son of a brother.
Jack works for a large financial institution.
Chinese children love rice with sauce.
There must have been a large audience at the concert.
They entered the jungle.
What's falling from there?
Muhammad missed the exit and got lost.
It wasn't Alex who spit.
I'm not above begging in order to get the job.
I ran for a mile.
William saw the ruins of an ancient Roman building.
They were forced to return to the South.
I've got a brand new bike.
I called Jack a pig.
Can you tell me which bus or train I can take to get to the town centre?
Five hundred British soldiers had been captured.
We've confirmed the report.
Tonight, I'll have to do an interview.
James couldn’t find the bug.
Music is the silence between the notes.
Jack's car is a recent model.
I know I'm not welcome in this clinic.
I'm not a traitor.
James hoped that one of the teams would pick him.
Hail, friend.
He lives in a port town.
He's playing fetch with his dog.
They know the routine.
She gained 3 and a half stones after she got married.
Don't be so dramatic.
He was arrested based on little evidence.
Oscar told me that he's never been to a funeral.
Our school's principal is very old.
The best part of Spring is the green fields.
Welcome to the restaurant industry.
She stepped forward to shake his hand.
The door opens into the bedroom.
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.
We'll be landing in fifteen minutes.
Look at the distant horizon!
He ruined me.
Oscar wasn't sure how to proceed.
Motion for T.R.O. denied.
"Thank you for your help." "No worries."
He lives in the western part of town.
That would be one theory.
I knew your name sounded familiar.
She waited for her lover at the train station, but in vain.
The Internet has a lot of information and thus also a lot of useless information.
I know a priest.
I might have to skip lunch.
They're very active in their community.
William is a great warrior.
I will not tolerate such a state of affairs.
It's Alex and Catherine's anniversary.
The angry citizens took action immediately.
George opened a pet store in Boston.
Harry was refused bail.
What is the most powerful prayer in the world?
My assistant will handle that.
I'm your conscience.
The little birds broke forth in song.
"Welcome, then, heroes!"
George said that he knew both of the victims.
He has a chip on his shoulder.
The road ahead is frozen.
Was it guilt by association?
It made me feel lousy.
We know that he was playing like a cat with a mouse.
I think that Jack is a pretty good backup singer.
Are we going to have a tour?
The explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown away.
Silver is the new gold.
Many lost their homes during the earthquake.
It would be a great pity if you gave up now.
This island is a paradise for children.
Muhammad saw the burning car.
This tradition passes from father to son.
This plan has not yet been cleared by the committee.
We're trying to teach James basic problem-solving skills.
Oliver isn't someone you can replace.
Muhammad jumped off the cliff into the river below.
Greek banks could soon run out of money.
Adam parked his car in an underground parking garage.
The moment I heard the footsteps, I knew who it was.
Diamonds are very hard.
I hope someone is recording this.
Oscar was arrested in a nearby town.
Jack and Lucy are digging a hole.
I'm not a robot.
There are holes in the roof.
When the Lord puts us in certain circumstances He doesn't mean for us to imagine them away.
She’s returning to Australia tomorrow after a year in Europe.
Friendship is the connection of souls.
I wonder what Tommy's motive for doing that was.
Tears were dropping from her eyes.
Joe's timing couldn't have been better.
What are the side effects of this medicine?
The nearest town is behind the hills.
Oscar and Monica made snow angels.
Harry isn't like other criminals.
He believes in the existence of ghosts.
Oscar is loyal, isn't he?
"That was your fault." "I admit it, but in the meantime tell me if you know who has taken it."
Jacob laughs at his own jokes.
Jesus is good.
I can't see a freaking thing!
We simply couldn't resist.
I don't think that we can pull that off.
The slap was for your big mouth.
He got married to Ann last month.
Where were you when the doorbell rang?
Jacob made a bad judgment call.
Ladies first.
Aren't you one of Joe's lawyers?
The heavens do not create men that are more than men, nor do they create men that are less than men.
They're calling it a homicide.
He earned no more than ten dollars a day.
Jami appeared from out of nowhere.
There are a lot of rats.
He was merely sitting in the place.
Time flies.
You live in a fantasy world.
Jacob hasn't registered for classes yet.
We were friends before we were lovers.
Where were you in August last year?
The bank needs your signature.
Some marry only to prevent their wife from marrying someone else.
Free will is a fairy tale.
Ten to one he will be elected chairman.
She is now in a low frame of mind.
He's the only one who sets the rules here.
Obviously, it's a big relief.
You can go to the theatre, the cinema, or the swimming pool.
He holds a record in swimming.
She had a very strong impact on the history of art.
I gave offense to her.
Do you have a first aid kit?
Never call someone a terrorist.
This pencil is not grey.
Please explain the procedure.
The room is starting to spin.
I'm facing prison.
There, here is the other clown asking for more!
Eva is wearing a very expensive necklace.
George has gone on dates with both Alice and Alice.
Carmen looked nothing like her profile picture.
My brother is a moron.
The insurance agent called to see you this morning.
Tommy thinks he's getting ripped off.
5000 years of the Space Age accomplished many great things for humanity.
It's an extreme case.
They chop wood every day.
I have to set up a budget for sales promotion.
It sure beats working.
Scientific studies have shown that this is not the case.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
Everyone in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs.
Alice was not looking for romance.
Charlie and Alice just couldn't stop themselves from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
She sat in the chair besides the window.
Mars is a red planet.
His company is one of the best managed companies in Japan.
The accident damaged her car's front wheels.
Time is not absolute.
The lemon is sour.
Jack has a commercial pilot's license.
Jacob is a slow walker, isn't he?
I didn't sneak up on him.
This liquor has a taste all of its own.
I am not threatening you.
Muhammad said this is up your alley.
What's your favorite junk food?
A moon rocket will be launched tonight.
Jami is a professional fighter.
The baby's kicking.
She became a shell of her former self.
We often call America the land of liberty.
Do not punish those without crime.
George could've protected Olivia if he'd wanted to.
The police are going to investigate the crime.
The meeting dragged on for three and a half hours.
Jack and Susie couldn't control their emotions.
What is God after all? An eternal child playing an eternal game in an eternal garden.
Only artists and children see life as it is.
There are two suspects at this time.
I am doing business on a large scale.
Tommy was on a beach somewhere in Florida.
It was a moral victory.
His troubles are not over.
Jacob injured his knee when he fell down.
Adam went deeper into the cave.
Don't bend over the table.
From that conclusion the family could be divided into two groups.
Alex knows that he'll never live up to his parent's expectations.
Every word counts.
Do you have an alibi?
George and Olivia are planning on joining the team.
The position held by the enemy is so important they will fight to the bitter end to hold it.
They put their books in their locker.
You were chosen at random.
The Indians had difficulty finding food.
The future is a woman with an invisible face.
This intense heat doesn't seem to bother you.
In brief, the party was splendid.
The more sins you confess, the more books you will sell.
Harry thought that Carmen wasn't a natural blonde.
Have you filled out the forms yet?
I prefer poetry in French!
We saw a jet plane fly across the sky.
Muhammad took the path of least resistance.
Could you go get my tools from the shop?
Police are still investigating.
Can you tell a sheep from a goat?
James and Margaret are separated.
Muhammad could have turned pro if he hadn't been injured.
Jami has a strong upper body.
My mothers love me.
The votes are being counted.
I would like to travel abroad in company with my colleague.
Jack may spill the beans.
My brother sends you his regards.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
I arrived outside the dressing room.
The plates that you broke weren't expensive.
He couldn't maintain his authority.
Are you being held hostage?
Alex is very busy and doesn't have much time for relationships.
He got back from Sydney today.
The branch is about to fall off.
It will soon be September.
I'm listening to a song James recorded.
This watch is superior to that one.
I didn't pay for her soda.
Do you want me to rub your back?
How much is the commission?
The lawyer decided to appeal the case.
I'm not sharing this with Joe.
I need a musical instrument.
There are wounds that time does not heal.
Too many pages makes life hard for your visitors.
You've done a magnificent job.
The demand is enormous.
A rose in paintings is often a symbol of love.
What he did was nothing less than madness.
Do they all enjoy such high speed development?
Sir, these checks are fake.
Workers pulled together and asked the management for a raise.
I'm feeding my baby.
This tree bears no fruit.
There's a complete record of the storm in the ship's log.
William will show you to your quarters.
Where did you squeeze them?
If you weren't exposed to a language until you were an adult, you are very, very unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker of that language.
How do I connect to your Wi-Fi?
Joe has already been to all European capital cities.
His manner to us was kind.
Hurry up, Joe, I'm freezing.
We take the blessing of the sun for granted.
How critical is long battery life?
She constantly showed her affection to him.
A global crisis is at hand.
It's a deadly poison!
I’ve got a big pile of homework I need to complete today but haven’t even started any of it yet.
The reception was warm.
"Don't speak of your going away tonight," begged Diana. "I don't want to think of it."
There are problems of communication.
Mom, the fridge doesn't cool.
What is difficult about Japanese is how characters are used in its writing system.
Several party leaders met in private.
Muhammad received a grant from the National Science Foundation.
This time I'll let it slide.
What are your colleagues' names?
This is a beast of burden.
We must remove our shoes before entering the house.
The voice actors did a excellent job on this movie.
The payment of this bill is due today.
Stop humming.
She's strong and sexy.
Dan heard Matt and Linda arguing.
No officers were hurt.
I want to give Mom a plant.
I couldn't find the light switch.
The walls in the old house were not straight.
See that stone? In the special forces you got to take it and walk with it at least ten miles.
I can't play the French horn, but Oscar can.
It's a golden family.
The rat's here! Go call the cat!
Every year I find myself at a different location.
Have you ever had a regular job?
Now that Margaret's disappeared with all the money, I'm screwed.
Who is knocking at my door?
The smell is disgusting.
He will become the god of gods.
The girls are picking on each other again.
I'm not a freak!
Jami has decided not to press charges.
Physical contact with a child is very important.
Water is a source of life.
All people are good at the bottom of their hearts.
He did justice to his talent.
That's not a threat, that is a warning.
It was a miracle.
Joe moves really well.
We saw the monkey at the zoo.
I think Charlie is a Christian.
George is beating up Monica.
I don't need your protection.
The guards grabbed James.
William wants to disappear.
The banks rob people, and people rob the banks.
How do you spell your family name?
I think everyone has an idea of what Jack is capable of.
He is bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh.
John is waiting for Lucy, but the train has already left.
All men die. Oscar is a man. Therefore, Oscar will die.
His success was mostly due to good luck.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
I deeply regret that decision.
He is no ordinary student.
This table's surface is smooth.
I was not born in France, but I have lived there since my fourth year.
This is your destiny.
There is no way to defeat the dragon.
I'm from North Africa.
Do not mistake sin with crime.
You can't separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
True friendship is precious just because it is rare.
At last, we arrived in California.
The students missed class three times in a row.
I didn't charge Joe a penny.
Where's the men's section?
Is Tommy going to dump Margaret?
I need to start again from zero.
Merry Christmas, my love!
I don't understand; you have to be more direct.
Tommy is willing to sacrifice everything for you.
You aren't college material.
No creature can live without air.
Did the police find any trace of the murderer?
We do have something which is more in your price range.
Can you freeze it?
The deadline for the reports is next Monday.
I love the beloved.
Close your eyes for a few moments.
It is a death warrant for me.
He fought in the United States' war against Mexico.
When I think of our standing in the series from now I don't want us to lose even once!
Why are '0.3' pencil leads so expensive?
Please check my vision.
You're so negative.
He knows how to curse in Chinese.
His shadow on the wall looked sad.
He's drop-dead gorgeous.
And they would play hide and go seek.
I cannot take the same route twice, because I am a woman.
Is this the street leading to the station?
Bring home all the troops.
I'm going to go to the United Kingdom to see my parents.
Parents need to collect guns for what?
William gave Carmen a wave.
Jack tried to cut through his chain.
Their job is to contact clients.
The telephone is just a wonderful device.
She is connected with that company.
Tommy and Susie were witnesses.
This blows.
The United Nations will deal with that international problem.
I felt like hitting him when he tried to cheat me.
We should have been fully aware of this risk all along.
Jacob was active in student politics in his university days.
I just made it under the wire.
Friends, let's make a circle.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me thrown into jail.
I'm trying my best to provide for you and your sister.
Is it a crime to encourage someone to commit suicide?
Alex's cat likes the song "Eye Of The Tiger."
Muhammad is in the yard.
Is there gas in the tank?
Despite that I succeeded.
He is wanting in common sense.
Marie should start.
The bridge should be lifted so that the ships can pass.
If you need to use the services of a company, you may be interested to know what standards they work towards before choosing to work with them.
We ate your delicious duck.
He's making a lot of money in the stock market.
Alex was sent to a mental hospital.
He played a major part in the movement.
She always lets her children do what they want to.
I've got sand in my hair.
My glasses started to slip down my nose.
His mother held him close to her and wrapped him in her wings.
Belt her.
Anne, go to your room and stay there until I come up.
Harry is now in custody.
Harry certainly made no attempt to help us.
The revolution divided many families.
Two major issues had to be settled.
I'm not pushing their car.
I'll send you your clothes and some other things next month by express delivery.
You must be at the station at five o'clock at the latest.
What is Mr. Johnson's first name?
The United States navy was not ready for war.
We always had to struggle.
The policeman is wearing a gas mask.
Once she starts talking, there is no stopping her.
She comes from a mixed family.
Without his pants, the general looks less impressive.
His unique perspective helped shed light on the situation.
The family dog was barking.
The factory had to cut back its production.
More than a billion people live in China.
Jack was a sensitive child and he cried easily.
Jack didn't play in the third quarter.
In June, it rains day after day.
The Germans began the battle.
James and Julia washed the dirt off their faces.
That book talks of a king who lost his crown.
You're dreaming.
We were whispering.
Betty killed them all.
Where did Charlie put the TV guide?
I have a favour to ask.
Alex is rolling in money.
There is no Monday which will not give its place to Tuesday.
She doesn't know the title of the book you're talking about.
The graduation ceremony will take place on March 20th.
George needs to be trained.
He is a man of noble birth.
No one had ever tried to supply such a large city by air.
I never expected to be kidnapped.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
The ship approached the shore by degrees.
We are making all efforts possible to deal with the nuclear crisis.
Just don't surrender.
I'm your servant.
I almost never buy chocolate bars.
You should go to the gym at least twice a week.
We are partners.
This is a fake diamond.
He must pay for his crimes.
Oscar is way out of my league.
It was a blast.
Do you like the way the furniture is arranged?
Comfort her.
I'll have to wing it.
I could tell from your reaction that you were surprised.
They said that they felt betrayed.
I don't want to work under those conditions.
It's a legend.
Cows like to eat grass.
Oliver designed it.
We wouldn't say anything even under torture.
I heard that Carol and Will have split up.
Tommy just dumped me.
May the Lord protect us.
Jami rarely laughs.
Do you have a moment to talk about Jesus?
Why don't you pull over?
Can I offer you ladies a drink?
I suppose congratulations are in order.
Are they going to arrest us?
Harry was a real estate agent.
That child's mother is a director.
What Oliver said was besides the point.
He came to the airport to meet Mr West.
Harry usually plays a good game of tennis, but he's not in good form today.
He is quite young in spirit.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Tommy's record speaks for itself.
Get out of the van.
James died three days after the shooting.
Muhammad gained a level.
As is often the case with young people, John is mad about pop music.
I can't help wondering if William will do that.
Whoever reads that is silly.
Alex will be flying to Australia tomorrow.
The army had plenty of weapons.
I was in the east of the country when the crime occurred.
Jacob is a busy fellow.
I want a tattoo that shows our love.
Thanks, you're an angel.
Pardon me, I didn't know you were still there.
The police believe Oliver was murdered.
He made his way to the minister.
Why are you shouting like that?
Both crew members were killed.
I fired my gun, but missed the target.
These records are 2,000 yen each.
I thought you were a nurse.
The price of oil is down this week.
Is it OK if I bring a guest?
Jami is a friend of ours.
There is no magic bullet.
Around half of the audience were female.
We ended up falling in love with each other.
Ancient people lived close to nature.
Tommy was forced to abandon the mission.
I've been told that I'm a pig.
Alice is a British citizen.
The interview went off so well that he got the job.
He listened to her in silence.
I'm based in Australia.
I saw him at the funeral today.
Tommy couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching him.
She's beautiful, that's true—but once she opens her mouth, you'll only want to get away!
I'm sorry I ruined your wedding.
It is impossible to make her understand the theory.
Tommy is a book lover.
You never told me you were a priest.
Oscar visited Olivia at her retirement community.
Tommy needs an assistant.
Are they not victims, too?
It's more interesting to travel alone than to go on a group tour.
Silver costs less than gold.
It's a pity you can't come.
I thought I smelled something burning.
Lord: forgive me, help me, allow me to do useful things for the world.
William laughs like a girl.
I don't think we can pull that off.
Three beautiful ladies just walked into the lobby.
Just so you know, I'm an FBI agent.
Was there anybody else besides Alex?
Are they going to arrest them?
He traveled west by train.
Can you fill this form?
She seems to be possessed by an evil spirit.
Tommy answered with laughter.
Knowledge is not an end in itself.
There's a white van parked in front of your house.
Oh! A shooting star!
We are at sea level here.
Charlie wondered what made popcorn pop.
You're wondering who I am, aren't you?
I'll take whoever wants to go.
I'm flying back to Boston tomorrow night.
Dan was known to have high-powered weapons.
The castle lies to the east of the town.
As far as I know he is a decent fellow enough.
William's whole face shows what he is thinking.
She's an angel.
Pardon me, what happened with our order?
William murdered his son-in-law.
Muhammad became a minister.
Shouting at your computer will not help.
The crew abandoned the ship.
The soldiers had target practice in the morning.
I found out that the woman I thought was a nurse was actually a doctor.
I bought a bottle of salad oil.
Let's toast the guest of honor!
We like it when others' mistakes are pointed out, but not when ours are.
There's only one bullet left.
Yesterday was the first time Tommy had ever played in front of an audience.
A light rain was falling.
I like to learn the ancient language.
Circumstances forced us to cancel our appointment.
Don't be such a pig! Leave some for everyone else.
Alex is a British citizen.
Should you wish to take my application further, I would be happy to come for interview.
A scream broke the silence.
I'm currently based in Australia.
All his political enemies showed themselves at his funeral.
I can't shake him.
They say that that man has a master key which opens all the doors of the city.
Alex ruined the surprise by talking about the party.
Tommy had one theory, and I had another.
Lover, come back to me.
When he became drunk, he was quite an interesting priest, and he talked about various things.
Muhammad is very active in his community.
William said that Lucy was his assistant.
Tommy was one of the victims.
Margaret gave me a tour of her house.
Is this real silver?
Her story excited our pity.
As soon as he opened the door, he smelled something burning.
Would you rather be fat and ugly or thin and sexy?
Dan invited Matt and Linda to dinner.
He was taken away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
Plant a tree there.
The train is passed the switch.
Dad painted the walls white.
The first thing you hate in the special forces is yourself.
Why did you decide to learn how to play the English horn?
After thinking over it over and over, I found the golden mean.
"I smell a rat", I said to him.
This is the perfect location.
I'm just a regular office worker.
Your maid is not the first one to get screwed.
Charlie woke up when he heard someone knocking on the door.
Alex told me that he thought that Susie was disgusting.
The gods will save us.
Tell Jacob I'll be picking him up.
Charlie got killed in a freak accident.
Muhammad doesn't want to press charges.
Oscar is a physical education teacher.
Your kind words are a source of strength for me at this difficult time.
He is a man after our own hearts.
Alex has a natural talent.
The school closed due to a bomb threat.
It's a miracle.
Nice moves!
The monkey got away.
It's a Christian name.
He felt his heart beating fast.
Do you need police protection?
The guards are watching you.
Don't disappear on me again.
What is Rob like?
Spell your name, please.
Who do you believe is the most capable?
The dog ate the bone, which I gave him.
Lucy will certainly come.
I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
Honey is mostly sugar.
Tommy wouldn't speak to the media.
I was deeply moved.
There was nothing out of the ordinary.
This table has a smooth surface.
I'll be there on the fourth.
It was destiny.
The princess was sent out to the lake to be fed to the dragon.
Oliver thought that Africa was a country.
It's a sin to say so.
Dan was living two separate lives.
They've released Alex.
Everything is so precious.
His wife comes from California.
Adam was on his way to death row.
A bad penny always turns up.
His shop is in a busy section of town.
Who else wants to take a dump?
The temperature has fallen below zero this morning.
All wished each other a Merry Christmas.
In America, there's a direct study of books.
His sacrifice will not be in vain.
The thought is material.
The King himself, old as he was, could not keep his eyes off her, and he told the Queen under his breath that it was a long time since he had seen so beautiful and lovely a creature.
Is there any trace of the missing child?
If you're afraid of making mistakes in a foreign language, you will often freeze up while trying to figure out the correct way to say something.
We can't ignore these reports.
Go free, my beloved sentence.
It has it moments.
They said that they had been in Mexico for five years.
The series was cancelled.
Do you know which road leads to my house?
Adam has 20/20 vision.
They've had enough of your negative attitude. So, be positive!
He will curse you.
Where there is light, there must be shadow.
There are gorgeous flowers in the garden.
Make sure the fortune that you seek is the fortune that you need.
Which is the route to Paris?
I know where this is leading.
The President called out the troops.
He ruled his kingdom fairly.
I want to make a collect call to Australia.
Jacob owns a chain of restaurants.
I have clients waiting.
How does this device work?
The village is connected to our city by a bridge.
The police are questioning witnesses.
The song blows.
The United Nations is an international organization.
Did you actually see Tommy hitting Monica?
I'm sorry, today is fully booked.
When you meet a new person, do not, under any circumstances, talk about politics.
Which wire should I cut, the red one or the white one?
Please circle the right answer.
You should have thrown that picture away.
We may ask you to provide your personal information.
Muhammad told me he was going to commit suicide.
Have you ever seen a tiger around here?
I bought it at a yard sale.
Tommy and Eva should've filled up their tank.
Despite everything I think it's possible and necessary to beat them.
I have my reasons for wanting to go.
Ms. Marie is still at the office.
I thought Oliver would watch the ships leaving.
You could say the team lost because of their bad services.
There's a duck on her shirt.
Let's enjoy what the good Lord has given us.
I regret to say that the product you have asked for is currently out of stock.
Oliver has significant mental health issues.
Jacob lets Mary do whatever she wants.
The child filled the bucket with sand.
See that the knife doesn't slip.
If God had meant us to fly, he'd have given us wings.
Harry hanged himself using the belt that Anna had given him.
Anne, taste it yourself.
Joe wants custody of his son.
The man's third attempt to stop smoking ended in failure.
The airplane has brought about a revolution in travel.
I love the way she laughs.
His blue eyes settled on me and my heart jumped.
We just kept pushing.
You need to calm down and pull yourself together.
Enter the delivery address.
Ladies also play with the ball.
I'll be home by midnight at the latest.
Mr. Johnson is a wonderful music teacher.
Why does Muhammad want to join the navy?
Don't struggle.
Jami made a papier-mâché mask.
We're not stopping.
He got mixed up in his friend's affair.
That's impressive.
This is unique.
I hear a dog barking in the woods.
It is difficult to catch up with Japan in the production of cars.
Charlie is the CEO of a billion dollar company.
A child is very sensitive to its mother's love.
It's a quarter to two.
I'll miss you so much when you leave in June.
Germans mustn't help them.
William likes to play in the dirt.
I was dreaming about her.
I wonder what they're whispering to each other.
Betty Page was a pin-up girl.
This guide is quite simple because the speaker speaks clearly and with simple words.
I'm trying to do you a favour.
Let's get this party rolling.
Today is Tuesday, October 1st.
What is the title of your new book?
The graduation ceremony took place on the morning of the first of March.
He was trained as a lawyer.
He is noble of heart.
Let's ask a travel agent.
Cows supply milk.
I've never been kidnapped.
Change the flag, please.
The temperature went down ten degrees.
It began with the fear of nuclear war.
They would not surrender.
I made him my servant.
I want him behind bars.
I got to know my current girlfriend at the gym.
The partners are concerned.
Joe stole the diamond.
He will answer for his crimes.
Besides English, she also speaks German.
I've arranged to do that.
Comfort him.
Then he felt quite ashamed, and hid his head under his wing; for he did not know what to do.
Joe tried to show no reaction.
It wasn't James who betrayed us.
I don't think that they'll accept these terms and conditions.
She really is a legend, isn't she?
There were many signs in the park that said "Keep off the grass."
This jacket was designed by Charlie.
His lecture on chemistry was nothing but torture.
Carol visited Boston last month.
He dumped me over the phone.
I'm in therapy.
Charlie drank heavily.
They don't have fuel.
Lately I see a lot of parents getting divorced. I wonder if the idea of kids being a bond between their parents is just a thing of the past.
Julia wore a plain blue dress.
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
What will be the new standard?
Don't go through this tunnel.
I feel blessed.
It's made of steel.
He is not my son, but my nephew.
I didn't want financial help from Tommy.
Pass the sauce!
Alex made his way through the jungle.
Please exit on your left.
Come on, spit it out!
I'm begging you.
The post office is half a mile away.
This is what we call a "brand new idea".
He thinks that he's the centre of the universe.
The show is confirmed.
Alex found the bug.
Recent studies suggest that this isn't the case.
George is still at the clinic, isn't he?
Jami isn't the traitor.
What teams were playing?
Hail!
A free port was established.
I left my keys on the table; could you fetch them for me?
Ten years after the wedding, everything is just routine.
I told him not to throw stones.
You're so dramatic.
Our principal made a long speech.
Once upon a time, there was a man and his wife. They had no house. They were living in the fields and sleeping at the foot of a tree.
Anyone with a simple but good idea can become a millionaire in the diet industry.
Muhammad stopped in his tracks.
Prepare for landing.
She acted distant towards me today.
He wore a hat, which meant that he wasn't being followed and it was safe to proceed.
Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion.
What are your worries?
All is quiet on the western front.
Harry sounded sleepy.
He gone, Emma remained thus alone in this sentence.
Why did you skip lunch?
Alex is a proud warrior.
Tend to your own affairs.
One thing a married man should never forget is his wedding anniversary.
In public life, let all citizens be equal.
You can't find a pet like that anywhere.
Charlie is stuck in jail because he can't afford bail.
James doesn't have a prayer.
Alex said that his conscience is clear.
He walked back and forth in the room.
We honor heroes.
How did you chip your tooth?
Jack and his friends played hockey on the frozen pond.
He's admitted his guilt.
Oliver was in a lousy mood.
The owl heard the mouse in the brush.
I try to always have a backup plan.
She stood at the door, her hair blown by the wind.
I sometimes visit my friends' homes.
I have the key of Paradise.
Just because something is tradition doesn't mean it's right.
It was smaller than I thought.
The sky has cleared up.
These are all basic skills.
Replace it.
Jacob jumped off the cliff.
Greek is more difficult than Latin.
In England, the subway isn't called "subway", it is called the "underground".
Quick! Quick! I hear footsteps, hide!
I have the ace of diamonds.
I think that recording is important.
Is there a post office nearby?
Why are you digging a hole in your backyard?
Ha-ha ... She isn't human. She's a robot; A-n-d-r-o-i-d.
The argument is full of holes.
There is no returning on the road of life.
We pray for the souls of our brothers and sisters.
What would Jack's motive be?
Carmen says she's considering dropping out of school.
Nice timing.
Does this medicine have any side effects?
I was out of breath from walking up and down hills.
Angels come to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone.
Two criminals escaped from prison.
This is the largest building in existence.
It must be nice having such a loyal son. You don't have to wonder if you'll be taken care of in your old age.
What should I do in the meantime?
You're freaking me out.
How could you resist Oliver?
Her being fired was a real slap in the face after everything she did for the company.
I made a doll for Ann.
Jami was sleeping when the doorbell rang.
Use your best judgment.
I don't need lawyers.
The heavens are bright with stars tonight.
A teacher can also teach classes of different subjects.
He has earned a lot of money.
Oscar appeared suddenly, as if he just grew out of the ground.
Some people caught rats and ate them.
She was not merely beautiful, but also talented.
I hunt after flies.
Jacob lives in a fantasy world.
Are William and Alice lovers?
I have to go to London sometime between now and August.
I know that isn't Muhammad's signature.
I agree to his marrying her.
Don't believe that. It's all a fairy tale.
Harry was the chairman of the committee.
The frame of the building is now complete.
I shall keep on painting until the sun sets.
That was a huge relief.
I saw her in the theatre.
This hall holds two thousand people.
They have no impact on the environment.
I meant no offense.
Jacob said his son wasn't a terrorist.
His head was grey.
I know the procedure.
Things began to spin out of control.
I'm facing William without any fear.
Don't tell your father you want to become a clown.
Alex bought a watch for himself and a necklace for Susie.
She dates any guy, poor or rich.
Jack looked exactly like his profile picture.
You are a moron.
It looks like somebody has ripped a page out of this book.
Humanity died this morning.
That's a bit extreme.
They like to chop wood.
What do you know about illegal weapon sales?
He beats his children every day.
There is no scientific basis for these claims.
Along with this increase, there has been a change in the world's economic organization.
He's got the new technique down pat.
Let's stretch our legs.
Alex said that he didn't have time for romance.
Oscar only ate potato chips and drank beer.
A trip to Mars may become possible in my lifetime.
Companies are cutting jobs.
Nice wheels.
Don't tell her anything except the absolute truth.
The lemon is yellow.
I keep hearing the song from that commercial over and over in my head.
James is a fast walker, isn't he?
Tommy tried to sneak into the room without being noticed.
Take the liquor away from them.
William gave Catherine a threatening look.
William moved through the dimly-lit alley.
George used to eat a lot of junk food.
It is indeed rocket science.
William is a former fire fighter.
Mom, he's kicking me!
The shell of an egg is easily broken.
No liberty for the enemies of liberty.
Maybe you should punish me.
Charlie protected Lucy.
They wish to investigate.
The lecture dragged.
She can't control her emotions.
Do you believe in eternal life after death?
This artists uses auto-tune.
Police arrested three suspects.
Joe stepped on the scale.
It's a moral gray area.
Don't trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.
Show me your knee.
Her words have a deeper meaning.
My jeans are too tight. I can't bend.
The students divided themselves into three groups.
George isn't a parent.
Every vote counts in an election.
Jack had an alibi.
You know that Jack is still planning on joining the team, don't you?
She is very bitter toward me.
I looked around the locker room.
She took a book at random from the shelf.
The Indians were hungry.
Dark matter is invisible.
You're intense.
The journey was brief.
You may as well forgive his sins.
Alice has long blonde hair.
To love and to be loved, these are the biggest forms of happiness.
"Your poetry is beautiful." "Do you really think so?"
This jet travels about three times as fast as the speed of sound.
We broke down what little resistance remained.
Tommy has some tools in his garage that he's never used.
Police are investigating the incident.
I absolutely do not like goat cheese.
The garden is separated from the road by a fence.
Your upper back is really tight.
My mothers are healthy.
Alex received 333 votes.
My colleague and I do the same job, but she was promised a promotion very soon.
I'm afraid Harry is going to spill the beans.
James keeps every letter his mother sends him.
George often gets into fights.
Let them use our dressing rooms.
The plates you broke weren't expensive.
He has to maintain a large family on a small salary.
Alex is being held hostage.
The greatest cause of stress for men is work, while for women, human relationships come at the top of the list.
On this tree, there is an apple on every branch.
I'm happy because starting today, we don't have any school until September.
The show is being recorded in studio 4.
To think that men are superior to women or that women are superior to men is not just stupid, it's also ridiculous.
I'd like a soda.
Can you rub my back?
Where did you commission this painting?
Ken's talks always appeal to us.
It's not easy sharing your secrets.
You can play a musical instrument, can't you?
There are many things that time does not heal.
How to track the least visited pages and what to do with them?
I think stuffed chicken is a magnificent dish.
Tommy is under enormous pressure.
I give you this ring as a symbol of my love.
This is complete madness!
I want to schedule next week's product development meeting. Could you pin down a meeting room for me?
Here are the numbers of my checks.
The firm is under foreign management.
When I was feeding my dog, I noticed that the gate had been left open.
Are there any bears around here?
I sat down on a log.
Go to your quarters.
Squeeze the trigger.
Now everything's exposed.
I connect to the Internet almost every day.
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.
When our parents aren't there, my younger brother takes on a completely different manner.
Here, take my coat. You're freezing.
It's a big blessing to have a child.
Jacob was rushed to the hospital in a critical condition.
The child was constantly interrupting her mother's conversation.
The sooner we start doing something about global climate change, the better off we'll be.
She was deadly tired.
I ran after him with a pile of papers that he'd left behind.
There were beautiful flowers on the reception desk.
Diana looked shocked.
Language is one of the most important ways of communication.
