He has the right ideas.
William looked as if he was angry.
I know why William didn't like doing that.
I thought that you said that George was leaving.
Alex told Lucy that he thought John was dead.
I go to school by bus.
Olivia is probably going to tell Jack she'll do that.
I wonder whether James is frightened.
Oliver and Julia know that they've got to do that today.
I didn't want Jack to go to Boston.
The house costs double what it did before.
Catherine laid her head on Jami's shoulder and soon fell asleep.
Don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school.
I don't know a lot of things about Germany.
I know both Charlie and Valentina have to leave soon.
He may well be proud of his bright son.
Everybody probably thinks Alex and I are crazy.
Let me change into something more appropriate.
You handled yourselves well today.
I think that Oscar likes it.
Jacob said he was done, too.
Jacob asked Eva to tell John what he ought to do.
You think I want to do that, don't you?
My mother gets up earlier than I do.
Adam and Lucy are both very young.
George, this is my cousin.
They claim this medicine is safe.
I will marry you.
Joe made me smile.
How many men have you killed?
Celebrate in style!
What do you think is the essence of the training?
Are you going to kiss all of them?
Oliver made some tea for Olivia.
Tell George not to tell Anna.
Monica made Alice a new dress.
There's no way I'm going to find Oliver in this place.
Modern technology gives us many new things.
Harry said that he was very lonely.
She doesn't want her picture taken.
I'm probably not going to do that today.
Speaking of films, why not go to the cinema tonight?
It's strange that we've never met before.
George could do that if he wanted to.
Make mistakes, learn from them and grow!
My love, I intend to look up a restaurant, in case the meal isn't ready by seven.
I got a call about thirty minutes ago from Jami.
They aren't what they seem.
Do you have any idea what Joe needs to do?
I didn't catch their names.
Give me your sandwich.
We didn't have an answer.
You're even more naive than I thought.
You've got a leaf in your hair.
She said she plans on going Monday.
She spends over a third of her time doing paperwork.
We'll notify her.
He said he'll never leave early.
All of my software is open source.
I think that Joe is adopted.
Alex just told me that I didn't have to help him on Monday.
Adam is still not entirely satisfied, is he?
He was released from prison immediately after the war.
Muhammad said that he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
I didn't know what to do when Joe did that.
I can't understand why Oscar didn't do that.
We want a second opinion.
She has a feel for music.
He leaves at eight.
We haven't had much rain this year.
I was always good at math.
Joe said he thought I needed to get more exercise.
I don't know whether Oliver will be here tonight or not.
Oscar won't let us in.
No, you don't.
Carmen accidentally shot herself in the foot.
Jacob is busy, isn't he?
What would you suggest I order?
I've been invited there, too.
The crowd was silent.
I found him at his books.
Alex's dog was run over by a truck.
Please give me your answer by return.
Muhammad lost three sons in the war.
You didn't actually have to do that.
I've a lot to think about these days.
They said they didn't see anybody else.
Thanks for the chocolate. It was delicious.
I'll visit you sometime in the near future.
How long is this bridge?
James said he knew Lucy's brother wanted to go to Boston with them.
He lives all by himself.
Harry assured me that this would never happen.
Harry is very easy to like.
Harry doesn't believe Lucy really plans on going with us.
We try to obey the rules.
How do you like being a Muslim?
There's still work to be done.
You might see Jacob in Australia.
She works for a large American corporation.
Joe says he doesn't remember asking you to do that.
I didn't hear any cars.
The grandfather is about to die.
The scandal hurt the company's reputation.
He was not terrible.
The future is the result of the present.
Come fall asleep in my arms.
I'm a little worried about you.
Tell them I'll be ready.
Harry isn't very likely to be at tonight's party.
Jami changed course.
Adam begged Alice to do that.
This is too easy, I guess.
He is a native English speaker.
Adam is Mary's son.
Do you want them to stay?
Charlie is likely to be present at today's meeting.
The flowers were very beautiful to look at.
I'm glad we understand each other.
Charlie and Catherine told me they spoke French.
I love you more than I love any other person.
It's true that we can't be too careful choosing our friends.
Muhammad came in at the last minute.
Israel is above the law.
People are afraid of war.
I'm not in good shape.
William was my French teacher.
Why does Muhammad have to go to Australia?
Joe must have done that on purpose.
He is by far the most sensible.
When and where did you receive the gift?
Oscar didn't say yes.
I thought that Oscar was through doing that.
James is the only suspect.
I want your peaceful appearance.
Joe was a delicate child.
I've waited for more than a week.
Are you afraid of James?
Adam doesn't know what to say.
There is no Truth. There is only the truth within each moment.
Do you think they'll find Tommy?
George is determined to do that today.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
She has known better days.
This discovery will be recorded in history.
Oliver has found a new job.
She may do that if she wants to.
I have two computers, but they're both broken. So now I'm using my sister's while she's away.
I told Jami to get out of my car.
Dan had to pour a bucket of cold water over his head.
Why weren't you here this afternoon?
Jacob looked out the window at the sky.
You pose thought-provoking and important questions.
There are three large mobile home parks in this area.
I make a horrible first impression.
I wasn't aware Jack was supposed to do that.
Jacob said Lucy wasn't happy.
You can't blame her.
Jacob says he hasn't had any problems yet.
We were all present at the party.
Why don't we ask for his advice?
The rice needs more salt.
Do you think people are mean to you?
Jack and Emma have been here at least once, haven't they?
William was pretty hungry.
She promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
Charlie said that Margaret was very hungry.
Harry and Susie say they think it's possible.
I'm not sure what Charlie wants to do.
They couldn't hide their feelings.
I had no idea that Oliver was going to do that.
When did William go to Boston?
Let us know where you'll be staying.
"Want to drop round my place?" "Can I?" "My parents come home late as they both work."
James should do that, too.
I wonder whether or not that was really the right thing to do.
You believe doing that would be a mistake, don't you?
Tommy is going to go to Australia next week..
I don't know why you listen to her.
This afternoon, I am planning to study English.
I know that Jacob hurt you.
Anna is a very good-looking girl.
They all did great.
I don't think Oscar knows I'm not single anymore.
Julia has promised she'll be here by 2:30.
Can there be a computer intelligent enough to tell a joke?
Neither Charlie nor Julia wanted to come with us.
Are you cool with that?
Where is the American embassy?
Excuse me, do you speak English?
I finally realized that I wasn't in love with you.
She fixed the car herself.
Everyone's waiting to see what's going to happen.
Alex will find out who did that, eventually.
Oscar is the only person who can do that.
I would never want to belong to any club that had someone like me for a member.
I must offer you an apology for coming late.
George thought that he heard his name being called.
Wearing shoes that are too small is bad for your feet.
She just doesn't understand you.
Did you kill him?
Close all of the doors and windows!
I don't think that that's fair.
Jacob got lost in Rome.
Oscar said that he wished he hadn't convinced Susie to do that.
Tommy and Catherine said they probably wouldn't win.
He took the blow on the head.
You don't have the authority to do that.
We don't have to go to school tomorrow.
He is a member of the tennis club in our school.
"Let me know if you change your mind." "Will do."
We're not safe.
Almost all the students like English.
The day is coming to an end.
She has been told she should do that.
This flower smells sweet.
Jacob knows that this is the truth.
George said that he didn't expect anybody to help Julia.
Didn't you know that James is from Boston?
They said they had a meeting to go to.
Tell him to give it to them.
Tell me exactly what you'd like me to do.
What can we do to stop them?
You should really tell Jack not to do that.
Lucy shot me.
I'm not quite sure yet.
Love alone isn't enough for a successful international marriage.
I don't pay much attention to the gossip around town.
I think that Alex will tell you.
Nobody talks to us anymore.
I'll help you in the garden after I finish my homework.
Charlie still has an office in Australia.
If I could have spoken French better, I might have gotten that job.
Tommy wrote over thirty books in his lifetime.
You are very cute children.
I'll explain it to Tommy.
You're my hero.
Oh, it seems as if I must be in a dream.
I asked for a beer.
I want to be treated like everybody else.
Alex and Laur think that they hear something.
George and Alice said they'd rather do that tomorrow.
365 days have passed.
I thought George might be in Boston this week.
I soon realized that we wouldn't be able to do that without Muhammad's help.
There was a new coat of paint on the door.
I think you'll regret it if you don't at least try it.
Don't make such a sour face.
This country has few natural resources.
Jack asks me the same question every day.
Charlie probably won't do that tomorrow.
It's not necessary for Muhammad to do that.
When he plays, there are a lot of wrong notes.
James hasn't visited us in a long time.
I don't often do the same thing as Oscar does.
You're an idiot, but I still love you.
James likes living here, but I don't.
Jack was lying to me.
Jack and Susie said that they weren't free.
Charlie told Olivia that she should stop pretending to be interested.
You need to stop gambling.
She said she doesn't want to retire.
It doesn't matter how beautiful your theory is, it doesn't matter how smart you are. If it doesn't agree with experiment, it's wrong.
This problem requires a large effort to be solved.
Who do you think Oliver and Eva want to do that with?
How did you know which bus William would be on?
Oscar will quite likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Did Alex tell you how he met Eva?
They wouldn't let me sing.
Oliver always dreamed of being a multi-millionaire.
I promised Adam I'd keep it a secret.
Will there be an earthquake in the near future?
Jacob and Laur seem a little confused.
I wouldn't take that risk if I were you.
Jack did it just to impress Olivia.
She served me coffee.
Jacob and Julia weren't wearing their hats.
Sweden's population is growing.
Harry and I really enjoyed ourselves.
He put his hands in the air.
He was supposed to call around ten o'clock.
If you want to cry, cry.
Will Emma drive to Boston by herself?
Tommy said Valentina thought John might not have to do that again.
Who have you invited to dinner?
I don't want to do anything that might be dangerous.
I don't have much money on me.
Adam is afraid, isn't he?
I hope William remembers where he buried the money.
It's very unlikely that George wrote this report.
Tommy told everyone that he didn't want to do that.
I'll give James one more chance.
You've done something wrong.
There's another way.
I don't translate for free.
This box is full of books.
They said they were afraid to do that.
I want to sleep! Sleep rather than live!
He was sitting on a bench.
A man is not always what he seems.
James only loved Laur for money.
Muhammad knew Laur was a professor.
Indeed. He is young, but smart for his age.
Does the gentleman know whose car this is here?
I think William and Emma like baseball.
I was visiting George in Australia.
I'm afraid that I can't finish them in time.
James has obviously been dead for a while.
Does George stay with you when he's in Australia?
It's too early to tell yet.
James said he'd be at school today.
You're only going to get one shot at this, so don't blow it.
George and Eva tried to impress their bosses.
The lion is the king of beasts.
She doesn't still do that, does she?
I doubt if Jami has done that yet.
Do you promise to call me tonight?
I've been trying to understand how that's possible.
I never dreamed you'd get so good at French so quickly.
I happen to be a pretty good chess player.
The oven in my house didn't run well today.
Harry found Olivia crying.
I didn't think that we could take that risk.
The package will arrive in London on August 17.
I don't intend to obey those orders.
He is a quiet person.
Don't forget to take your pills.
I visit Australia once a year.
Jack is a bully.
Harry and Mary did their homework together after school.
Why aren't you sleeping?
We're going to quit trying to do that.
Everyone pointed at them.
I don't speak German, but the Germans themselves I love.
It's getting serious.
I forgot to tell Oliver when to come.
Where's the zoo located?
Would you close the window?
How are you going to Boston?
The team needs a new captain.
Aren't you going to go anywhere this summer?
I don't have anything for you.
Tommy should be glad that he isn't here in Australia.
Finally they both fell asleep.
Are you sure Charlie lied to us?
Adam and Olivia are sure that they'll succeed.
How much butter is left?
Adam has a motorcycle.
I don't know when he decided to leave Rome.
Tommy and Monica said they don't plan to stay here all day.
Oscar looks younger than he really is.
Can we finish building the device without Tommy?
I didn't think I needed protection.
Oscar and Olivia aren't getting dressed.
Oliver is quite a dancer, isn't he?
I want her to do the difficult work.
You may stay here if you want to.
They must admit their guilt.
Joe is still not very good at doing that, is he?
We are not supposed to drink in this theater.
I think that Muhammad is still sleepy.
Oscar didn't do too badly himself.
Perhaps Harry is married.
Doing that was much harder than I expected it to be.
Jack didn't know how I felt.
Just hurry up.
I'll take it up with Alex.
You never had a father.
I know both Charlie and Susie have been injured.
Please get out of my way.
It's time for us to leave.
We chose Oliver to be the team captain.
He was determined to go abroad.
Jacob told Olivia that she couldn't just make up the rules as she went along.
Charlie will be the last one to do that.
I never told him.
On what basis did the police arrest him?
We sometimes judge others based on their actions.
We know we haven't done anything.
That happened in 2013.
Jacob said Catherine told him that she was ready to do that.
William sometimes falls asleep during class.
I didn't think you'd understand what I said.
Tommy already knows Margaret wasn't the one who did that.
Charlie told me that Lucy was the one who told him that.
He can cook as well as his wife.
James didn't seem to believe anything Julia said.
Both nations entered into a war.
Oliver remains sick in bed.
Shocked at the news, she couldn't speak.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
I heard Muhammad is difficult to get along with.
She may do that however she likes.
Please don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
It's your choice, James.
Jami and Olivia say they can't wait to get started.
Oscar said he wished that he hadn't been late.
William has done a nice job.
Do Jami and Valentina want to see me now?
Adam told me he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Alex eventually joined the navy.
How much worse can it get?
About two weeks.
Who was not here?
James was never very interested in that.
I got an anonymous tip.
I don't think that you have to do that.
Joe will be there.
James didn't think Lucy was tired.
The money was never found.
I blame myself.
James has probably already finished his homework.
We'll see how much Adam and Alice know.
How should we actually do it?
I thought you said someone told you to do that.
The cake is still warm.
I don't remember who told me that.
Did you stay home alone?
She told me that she was jealous.
What's in this drink?
Joe said that he thought that Mary had paid too much.
You are in need of a holiday.
Joe has false teeth.
I know that you want to be happy.
Do I have to bring my son to your office, Doctor?
Do you have cash worth more than ten thousand euros?
Jack said he probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Jack said he didn't believe Laur really planned on doing that this week.
Do you want Oliver to wait?
Oliver says there's no need to do that.
We were worried.
James says he's still planning to go.
Emma is now on her own.
I know Harry knew I didn't often do that.
I've sold the picture for 20,000 yen.
Jacob dropped his son off at school.
She likes to do everything herself.
Alex says it doesn't matter to him if you do that.
Why don't we go together?
You have a lot of strange ideas.
Watch yourselves.
I still don't really understand what's happening.
She planned a birthday dinner for her cousin.
Alex walked into his house.
She knew that she was dying.
They felt their way in the dark.
When my son is doing nothing bad, he is sleeping.
I'm convinced Charlie can take care of himself.
I'd like to speak to Alex about his brother John.
Adam and Carmen said that they weren't going to help us.
Muhammad turned around and faced Catherine.
Alex and Monica moved to Australia last October.
My friends are all married.
Harry was told that he has to do that.
Jami isn't going to make you do anything you don't want to do.
This is a picture painted by him.
I can't understand the meaning of this word.
I knew we wouldn't be able to do that today.
We stayed at a nice hotel.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
What Muhammad did surprised Julia.
Who's that man you were talking to?
I didn't think Jack would be so interesting.
What is your favorite clothing store?
It's no wonder you ask.
William has agreed to join our team.
You have to be outside something, able to experience it from a distance, before it makes sense.
I couldn't understand the announcement that was just made.
I didn't want to believe that.
That happens to us all the time.
I asked her to help out today.
He knew where he'd put his keys.
They waited for a decision.
That shirt's too big for you.
Muhammad and Carmen would like you to show them how to do that.
He leaves for New York next week.
I have no idea why.
Are we going to stay in Boston tonight?
You'd better make up your mind.
I don't go to church anymore.
Alex and Eva told me they've never done that.
Because of some technical problem, a movie was shown in place of the announced program.
Alex will do whatever it takes to finish the job on time.
Maybe we should open it now.
She says she doesn't ever do that.
Send Oliver away.
The world has gone nuts.
I never would have shot you.
Charlie said that he doesn't think that Anna really wants to do that here.
Alex and Carmen weren't sure they had to do that again.
If you make new friends, don't forget the old ones.
Jami only buys free-range eggs.
Laur can ski as well as her sister.
I don't think that you should buy that.
I hope Charlie and Margaret like my present.
Don’t apologise, I understand perfectly.
We don't want to risk running a traffic light.
Eva admitted that she was jealous.
Chinese language works much better than English in this market.
William left the party after midnight.
Tommy is going to try to convince you to stay for a few more days.
He hadn't eaten anything the whole day and was hungry.
Jack and Margaret need to go home by themselves.
The house gave no sign of life.
Alex tried to think of something nice to say, but he couldn't think of anything.
Adam told us not to make any noise.
I've asked them if they would consider a compromise.
Tommy and Laur told me they'd visit Boston.
I've got to report this.
Which store did you buy that at?
Can't you just talk to them?
We spent too much for the Christmas presents.
Do you want anything to eat?
Jack doesn't like people who get angry easily.
I knew Oscar and Margaret weren't related to me.
I've written a list of questions for you to ask Alex.
That is not the issue.
She's cut her finger.
Both William and I should've left early.
Be sure to read the newspaper so as to keep pace with the times.
I hate this game.
It's a girls' night at the disco bar.
It'll be hot.
Where are your shoes?
Alex doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
They said they're feeling fine.
I approve of her plan.
I fell off my bicycle.
Red circles on the map mark schools.
Joe might be impressed.
Charlie planned on staying at home alone.
Did Jacob see it?
James hopes Olivia knows she has do everything John has told her to do.
Jack told me that he didn't do anything wrong.
We backed off.
Somebody tried to kill you.
It's because of them that I'm so miserable.
I've always wanted children.
We are going to set off a debate on climate change.
I don't care much for swimming.
Tommy and Alice said that they would do that again.
Catherine said she wasn't sad.
Oliver said that he didn't plan to do that this week.
What about boys?
Jami speaks perfect German.
And the days of Abraham's life were a hundred and seventy-five years.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
Neither Charlie nor Margaret has a lot of money, but he isn't happy.
I am already old and can hardly manage all of my affairs.
We haven't said yes yet.
Alex is going to buy a new bicycle today.
I felt safer.
The last time I talked with Charlie he said he didn't want to do that.
After three weeks in Australia, George came back home.
I'll go over to Adam's early tomorrow morning.
An efficient FBI agent does not make any bones about carrying out his duties.
You'd better call her up.
Charlie isn't still at work, is he?
Jack is going to need this.
Are you sure she doesn't have a boyfriend?
I don't think that Adam will be in Australia next week.
George was upset because Catherine laughed at him.
I was distracted for a moment.
He sat for a long time, listening to the sound of the wind.
James told me that he wanted to leave the company.
Adam told me that he thought Valentina was uncomfortable.
James shops online.
Does he know how she feels about him?
It was getting dark.
Could you speed it up, please?
I don't want an angel.
Wasn't Laur your girlfriend?
It looks like Harry is beginning to worry about what might happen.
I don't think that you'd be able to do that.
We're both very worried.
I had planned to stay in Boston all month, but something came up and I had to go to Chicago.
I'm going into the 6th form.
We are not on the earth forever, but only for a time.
It is often difficult to see if a ball is in or out.
The place was almost empty.
Unfortunately those beautiful words are not my own.
I told James and Valentina I'd pick them up after school.
Monica plans to sell her house.
Oliver and Monica don't see why they should do that.
I wish Muhammad wouldn't be so mean to me.
Tell the truth to Harry.
As for chess, I just know the rules.
What makes you think I won't do that?
Jack pointed to the book on the desk.
I never dreamed that you would lose.
Alex claims he was busy.
Why are you so quick to blame George?
You don't know where Oscar and Carmen work, do you?
That's what I look at.
I'll go swimming with you, but I don't think George will.
You can't handle this alone.
We know where you live.
I'm kind of hoping you won't leave tomorrow.
I haven't been to Australia.
I'm Alex's ex-wife's husband.
Have you been waiting for a long time?
Jacob told me that he thought Monica was downstairs.
He said that he isn't worried.
I don't think everyone gave up.
He said he was lonely.
I don't have much ready money.
Eva said she'd never do that to Tommy.
It's a toy that the whole world knows.
Jacob and Julia said they've done that before.
I won't be responsible for my actions.
This bill is long past due.
You don't seem to be very tired.
Adam didn't like the idea of Lucy going out with John.
They commit all the crimes in this country.
Charlie is likely to say no.
I figured you'd be impressed.
Would you like to do something else instead?
I told her I'm not interested.
It's so racist.
Will Charlie have to tell Monica?
You have a nice home.
I will take the next plane for New York.
I wonder whether Adam has quit his job.
If you're pregnant, you'll be able to tell him yourself.
I'm in my office.
Do you have any interesting stories to tell?
Charlie and Lucy need to protect themselves.
Is there a club in the village?
Adam said he was planning on staying in Boston next summer.
I don't know if Adam and Lucy want to go with you or not.
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.
The children sat cross-legged around the fire.
William Jackson is our French teacher.
Does all of this mean anything?
Tell me why you care.
He looked like he needed help.
I've been quite lucky.
I'll get the book.
They told me they were angry.
You'll find something that interests you.
How did you know that was my favorite flavor?
That can't be! Seriously?
He wrote her a message.
I know Jacob knows that I'm not supposed to be doing that.
I woke up and he was gone.
A merry Christmas to everybody! A happy New Year to all the world!
I didn't think Oscar would hurt me.
Eva is good at French, but she's a lot better at English.
I know that Joe is a really good driver.
Let her go!
Jami is a wealthy guy, isn't he?
My uncle has a farm in the village.
She said that she could've done that.
Many people think I'm crazy.
Charlie said that he had to go somewhere.
I still wish I didn't have to do that.
It's strange that Joe isn't here yet.
I don't think Olivia knows how much time she'll need.
Jack returned to Australia on Monday.
Hearing this song after so long really brings back the old times.
What do you do when you're not working?
Do you think I was too mean to Jami?
Jami wants me to help Alice.
She had the kindness to pick me up at my house.
James will be a university student this year.
They told me they were sleepy.
Don't talk to me about her.
Will Jacob be allowed to do that?
This place is near the sea.
He realized he was wrong.
She is no less pretty than her sister.
I feel hungry.
How did you enjoy the party?
Honesty does not always pay. Such is the way of the world.
What a darling outfit!
She is too old for you.
I couldn't close my eyes.
Are you quitting your job?
Jami could've done that if he'd tried harder.
I'm not the least bit interested in physics.
Joe is always good.
I'm likely to be able to do that.
Even Jami didn't need to do that.
I will go to Ireland this summer.
I'll leave the planning to you.
Alex is walking towards us right now.
Looks like there's a storm coming in.
I'm going to see Alex tomorrow.
Don't come to the meeting!
I'd also like to know what Oscar and Alice think of this.
Maybe Oscar is tired.
I told Valentina that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without her help.
I think that Alex does that better than Valentina.
You don't need to hurry. Take your time.
I just wanted my old life back.
I thought you brought your guitar.
I wouldn't hurt them.
I think that I'm always under pressure.
I should go home soon.
It may be that he is not a bad man.
Muhammad and Julia aren't likely to use this again.
Oliver took a sandwich out of the bag and started eating it.
The airport shuttle will take you to Tokyo International Airport.
I've never loved anyone but Adam.
I don't think that William knows he's not likely to be fired.
I made a list.
We sent him a copy.
The police are looking into it.
Jacob said Mary wasn't worried.
He's used to mountain climbing.
How much do you know about what happened here last week?
Let me see you again.
It would not be the first time.
Now I will introduce you to my parents.
Our parents are so proud.
Oliver wasn't the one who taught me how to say "thank you" in French.
I should've told them earlier.
Charlie didn't discuss the matter with Emma.
You're such a good boy, Alex!
I don't think that Muhammad knows how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
This is the town where Charlie and I were born.
Everyone in the room turned to look at Muhammad.
That ticket is good until April 29th.
I didn't give Jami and Lucy the information they requested.
This is the house where I lived in my early days.
Is there any fresh news?
Jacob wasn't very happy.
How many hours a day do you sleep?
I'm sure you're going to like this lunch.
Tell me what kind of bread you'd like to eat.
I won't go shopping.
She knows I don't like her.
The crowd grew rapidly.
I have an older brother who lives in Australia.
Joe and Anna say they have an announcement to make.
Please step back behind the white line and wait for the train to arrive.
Wouldn't you like to know more about that?
Adam said he plans on going on October 20th.
The room was crowded with guests.
James climbed up the ladder.
I didn't tell anyone what I was getting ready to do.
I am ready to go with you.
Jami has been living in Japan for many years, but he still can't speak Japanese very well.
Susie sat up until midnight, when she heard a strange noise.
I don't usually say this.
I saw him jump.
We went up the mountain by cable car.
I just heard him.
Maybe I shouldn't have kissed you.
Adam told me about everything you've been through.
He is also writing a book.
This is your newspaper.
Alex told us not to swim here.
Joe tried to do that once.
Let's not forget who Tommy is.
I really love coming here.
I think you should retire.
I'm going to bed. Good night.
They said that they hoped they could do that.
I need you in Boston.
Do you really think that James is strange?
We haven't been able to get much help.
Jami realized he barely had enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
I know you didn't want Tommy to wear your clothes, but his were all wet.
He is present at the meeting.
Harry should've asked Carmen to do that.
She was raised in France.
He who writes reads twice.
Adam had another plan in mind.
One event followed another.
Everyone felt sorry for her.
Jack is probably going to have a difficult time doing that.
I wouldn't be able to go even if I wanted to.
I speak Russian.
I'm too tired to do that today.
I'll give you everything you need.
I am up to my neck in work.
I think that Jacob is stuck-up.
I was able to catch the last train.
That sounds reasonable to me.
Joe said this movie wasn't very good.
If you don't want to get married, you shouldn't get married.
I don't think that Jack has any idea what Margaret has to do tomorrow.
Jami tried to escape from the police.
I would have shut my phone off.
I guess it's time.
What could have possessed Harry to do that?
It was a nice party.
The entire house has burnt down.
Alex's French is almost perfect.
The house caught fire.
Take your coat off and make yourself at home.
Oliver made the most of his free time.
There's nobody here. Where are they all?
I want to learn to sound more like a native speaker.
You're just like him.
Where did she hide them?
I'd like to know what you mean.
I guess it's a secret.
How do you feel about him?
Carmen said she didn't want to let Jack do that.
There are few men but know this in their hearts.
There was nowhere else we could've done that.
I wasn't allowed to talk at the meeting.
Don't break the speed limit.
You must control your temper, Charlie.
Luck had nothing to do with it.
Valentina says she's dying.
Exact change, please.
Laur can hardly support herself on her salary.
George and Eva said they weren't wrong.
Who did Muhammad and Carmen say was going to help them?
William still isn't very good at swimming.
He's wearing a red shirt; it's a sign!
That CD costs 10 dollars.
The enemy can't get close.
I should probably not be doing this.
I don't know her name, but I do know her by sight.
I thought the company had sent James to Boston.
There's something wrong here.
I didn't realize James was from another country.
Oliver suggested that we give it a try.
"Please go with Oliver." "What if we don't want to?"
I had a hard time finding Oscar.
Someone is standing at the gate.
Muhammad said he was having a good time.
Why can't you be more like her?
She passed the examination.
I know the boy who is sitting closest to the door.
It isn't difficult to speak French.
Jami and Lucy swear that they didn't cry.
Mr Smith made her his secretary.
It just stopped raining.
Please bring this gentleman a glass of beer.
I believe he was half cut because he kept acting like a fool.
You should tell Olivia she's wrong.
They must abandon the idea.
I am staying for another few weeks.
Both of us knew that that would happen.
Julia regrets that she wasn't able to do that.
We're probably going to have fun doing that.
No one's around.
Tommy is a tennis champion.
I didn't expect James to want to do that.
Why am I not on the list?
I'm hoping I get an opportunity to do that.
When she heard the news, she burst into tears.
Oliver is in the kitchen, talking with his mother.
He doesn't know who built those houses.
Tommy is now learning to do that.
It was the end of winter, and the weather was very cold.
Adam said he used to go to Australia three times a year.
William was shocked when I told him that.
I don't think we should stay here any longer.
My father can speak French better than my mother.
I never should've tried doing that.
Muhammad and Margaret must be very busy.
There's nothing that can be done about that.
The doctors are engaged in cancer research.
What were you two doing?
We have till tomorrow night to decide.
I don't want Jack telling me how to run my business.
He does not believe in evolution.
I didn't understand it yet.
I can't believe that you needed to do that.
Charlie didn't think Mary would enjoy his party, so he didn't invite her.
It's going to be fun.
Everybody tells themselves that.
This growth ought to be removed immediately.
She answered that she would visit me.
You and I are the only people Tommy and Emma know here.
I wish there was something I could say.
Harry and Julia need to pay more attention.
Charlie wouldn't let us in.
Olivia apparently hasn't yet told Oliver that she's not going to do that.
We were looking forward to spending an evening at home alone.
It's impossible to do that.
She is a really nice lady.
The book is new.
She dried her eyes.
Jacob scares easy.
I sat next to him.
The city in which they live has a large Spanish-speaking community.
There were 30 witnesses.
Come on, Alex, bust him up!
The boy reading a book over there is William.
You never know when you'll need some extra money.
What about that red dress?
Don't judge people by their looks.
Both James and Olivia are unlikely to do that.
I'm not making your beds.
I wonder if you could tell me what time Jacob usually goes to bed.
It was clear that Tommy was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
You name a price!
That's something that Adam wants to do.
Aren't you going to see Muhammad?
Never mind, she will be fine.
Adam and Catherine got everything they asked for.
You look miserable.
Muhammad sang out of tune.
I know you aren't stupid.
Reality TV isn't real?
We need to be prepared for trouble.
You're on probation.
It looks like both James and Monica want to leave.
To what degree can we trust him?
This can't be done by individual effort.
William denied that he knew Catherine.
Beyond that I cannot help you.
Jami and Eva said that they'd never do that again.
They promised that they'd call.
Joe and Olivia aren't likely to win, are they?
I thought that you'd be doing that by yourself.
Do you remember the night when we first met?
The crowd was mostly women and children.
How many times have you seen an accident?
They are having lunch in the garden.
I can't make out what she wants.
James is still not completely convinced.
Everything was perfectly normal.
I plan to wait until Adam gets here.
Jack has been living in New York for six years.
Muhammad told Laur that he wouldn't be able to do that today.
There aren't the shoes that I bought last week.
Harry would have left by now if he was really planning to leave.
Charlie and Monica don't think John really could do that, do they?
This is a terrible thing to say to a woman.
Jacob cannot drive a car.
She was poor, but she was honest.
What did Joe go outside for?
Was there an earthquake?
He doesn't have to know.
I choose to do the things that you won't so I can continue to do the things you can't!
Emma said that she hated this book.
What was life like for children back in ancient history?
Should I go out with him?
Oscar is a very good table tennis player.
They were spoiled, as might have been expected.
William felt that Margaret wasn't doing everything she should've been doing.
I loved only you.
Jami and Olivia should pay what they owe.
Jacob didn't have enough money to go home by bus.
I hope Oliver gets back safely.
He is always complaining of this and that.
I think you'd make a good mother.
Do you want to go shopping with me?
That's not an issue anymore.
Alex and I don't usually enjoy the same things.
Oliver said he didn't often win when he played chess.
Muhammad and Anna gave me their keys.
Muhammad gets along with everyone.
What game are you playing?
I'm giving my car away.
This movie is long.
You'll change your mind.
I started last in the race.
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?
I had a bad cough, so I took the bitter medicine.
Tommy called his dad to wish him a happy Father's Day.
Lucy has never asked me to help her do anything.
Oscar stayed at a hotel not far from our house for a few days.
I was ready today.
Charlie is always hungry, isn't he?
She had to cancel her trip.
This machine is easy to handle.
Do Adam and Emma want to come?
Promise you won't tell him.
Did Alex actually do everything he said he did?
He's very sexy.
We've been very lucky.
Will you give me something to drink?
William and Olivia were always fighting.
Keep your eyes on the prize.
George doesn't seem to understand why people don't like him.
They think that they're smarter than me.
Do you play any sports?
She thought her house was haunted.
Is it true that you bit your sister?
William won't permit us to do that.
Could I ask you a few questions about Oscar?
We're on the same page now.
Do you recognize the person in this picture?
I'll go tell them that we're ready.
James is going to cry, isn't he?
My mother grew pale on hearing the news.
"I saw the pictures." "What pictures?"
Do you want to leave here?
I think I sat on it.
Charlie was armed with a kitchen knife.
Emma is wearing the same dress that she was wearing yesterday.
I know that Oscar didn't know why Lucy was planning on doing that.
Will you keep your word or not?
What on earth do you want six copies of the same book for?
Were you at Jami and Olivia's wedding?
I couldn't explain to William what was going to happen.
Can you do it for me?
I told William what I had done.
It's our only option.
We can do it again.
You've been coming home early lately, haven't you?
Take a deep breath in and out, please.
Russia will be the host of the World Cup in 2018.
We shall all miss you when you go away.
Monica wasn't able to tell Alex how she really felt.
Thank you for inviting me to this beautiful family meeting.
It would've been fun to do that.
When do you want to meet them?
There's not going to be a party.
I'll meet with them tonight.
It is true that he did his best, but he was not careful enough.
Tommy said that he's glad that you're coming.
Where did you meet such a guy?
I haven't actually done that.
Harry's eyes are blue.
I told you it was a bad idea.
They said that they enjoy doing that.
Would you like anything else?
George was at Eva's party.
Truth springs from argument amongst friends.
I won't be able to do that alone.
We don't have tickets yet.
Jack doesn't seem to be as busy as Lucy seems to be.
Emma said she's glad you won.
Who was the arresting officer?
Life is too short to be afraid to fall in love.
I am not your father.
I know that Jacob would like you to do that for him.
I heard that you were going to do that.
Please tell me Tommy and Susie are OK.
They like to watch TV while they eat.
He is always saying bad things about others.
Aren't you coming?
Everybody's a suspect.
James doesn't have an assistant.
We simply don't know anything about Joe.
I want to take it.
Olivia is still eating, isn't she?
I was being taught to cheat.
Alex was anxious to do so.
All we want to do is eat.
Obviously, I was scared.
Oscar said he definitely won't be there.
I can see the tower from where I stand.
Oliver refused.
Jacob has never been to a zoo.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that as well as you.
Oliver bought a T-shirt at the concert.
I am a bit hard up now and I can't afford such an expensive meal.
Jami and Valentina have to travel a lot for their jobs.
She didn't take the bait.
I think we should buy a new house.
I felt bad, so I was admitted into the hospital. However, it turned out that there was nothing really wrong with me.
I know Jack is a teacher now.
Kids will take a chance - if they don't know, they'll have a go.
They said they've been asked to do that.
She said she had to go to a meeting.
Can I offer a suggestion?
We waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed.
What is that thing in your right hand?
Charlie didn't say where he'd gone.
I didn't get one either.
I don't usually walk to the gym.
He hanged himself last night.
Aren't you going to say something?
I thought I was out of the woods.
The cat ran off.
Valentina told me that she was depressed.
How many weeks do you think Jack and Margaret have spent doing that so far?
This show is hilarious.
I think you ought to do that right now.
He replaced the bell with a light.
Jacob and Laur say they can't stay long.
Each to their own.
I wish that I could have seen Jami dance.
I should've told you before.
I don't think Jacob can speak French.
Oscar and Emma told John that they were safe.
I have a secret.
I know what's wrong.
I'm turning off the light.
I'd be only too pleased to help you!
I'll stay here all year.
Oscar decided to go abroad.
This is where the fun begins.
I didn't know Muhammad was still planning to do that.
I'll see you all in a couple of hours.
Plan your moves carefully.
He told me he can see ghosts.
Let's hope Jacob and Monica don't try to do that.
George knows how to do that better than Margaret.
Jami and Julia say they'll leave on Monday.
George needs to be told not to try to do that by himself.
Nobody is watching us.
You must miss Harry a lot.
Charlie has been in the hospital for three months.
I wonder whether or not James can understand French.
Have you been awake all night?
He knows I lied to him.
No one knows where Muhammad has gone.
What doesn't make sense?
It is believed that there is no life on Mars.
Susie said she thought Jami would be afraid.
Alice said she wasn't from Boston.
It wasn't until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
Jacob tore up the tickets.
Oliver's technique is pretty good.
James is going to go swimming again this afternoon.
Soon the sound died away.
Let Adam decide what you need to do.
George is supposed to do that for me.
George told Julia not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
I thought that it was true.
Adam really doesn't want to do that.
Both Oliver and I are still high school students.
They put their cups down on the table.
It's not a question of good or bad but of better or worse.
Adam and Olivia said they didn't have a place to stay.
I know Harry knew Laur was the one who had to do that.
Let me handle him.
She leads me to the key.
There was a place for you.
You should probably buy a hat to wear.
Did you hear that Tommy is in the hospital?
I can't blame Charlie.
Tell Alex and Susie I don't want to talk to them.
These were the best years of my life.
How did you know I'd be here?
I thought that it was pretty nice.
I didn't feel like studying.
You should give me flowers.
Jacob didn't look offended.
Joe could buy that for us.
Jack and Margaret lied to John when they told him they'd already done that.
Tell Jack that I have to go to Australia for a few days.
You mean you're just giving up?
I think James and Lucy won't be the first ones to do that.
Adam doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
I'd kill you if I could.
Oliver dried the dishes.
That tired-looking man just told me that you used to work here.
Oscar is still planning not to do that.
His wife was nowhere in evidence.
I wish I hadn't left early.
I don't want to come to Boston.
William and Catherine have been best friends for years.
I want to see the house where William grew up.
Shall we begin now?
Joe looks at her without saying anything.
Catherine loves playing dress-up with her doll.
I'm about the same weight as I was at this time last year.
William said that he thought that that wasn't going to happen.
I disagree with almost everything William just said.
I was trying to talk to you.
I won't let that bother me.
Oscar and Eva haven't had time to do what you asked them to do.
My brother is anxious for fame.
Have you ever had cheese with apple pie?
I wonder if I should tell James.
Harry knows now that he shouldn't have gone there by himself.
Joe didn't know what he was doing was wrong.
Please pass on my best wishes to Peter.
I'm not letting Margaret do this by herself.
Stop talking like a fool.
Her life is free from care.
I have to watch a documentary.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
Without a good education, how can you succeed?
You said that before.
Beth looked after our dog while we were away.
Alex's father died when he was a baby.
I saw that film, but it wasn't very good.
Jacob said it was Catherine who told him to do that.
Adam said that he wasn't very thirsty.
I don't know how to handle this.
Jack told me he thought his house was haunted.
We have a lot of ground to cover.
I know most people here want to leave.
Wasn't John supposed to be here?
Monica seemed to have everything she needed.
Look! That shop's just opened! Why not take a look?
I want to reduce the time it takes to deal with the paperwork.
Joe and Laur aren't going to leave John here by himself.
George and I are both tired.
This hotel was then a school.
It was not an easy decision.
Everyone still has a chance.
Jacob doesn't work as hard as Valentina does.
I'm needed here.
I gave Harry my phone number.
French is the language I want to learn.
They'll be coming after you.
I am injured.
Adam and Emma said we could go to Boston with them if we wanted to.
I don't like not being liked.
Jacob said he didn't think we should call the police.
The night was far advanced.
I'm 99% sure.
I knew that Oliver would likely do that.
I won't be staying in Australia very long.
George didn't feel like playing golf.
This singer uses auto-tune.
I came to like him.
Carmen looks happier today than she did the last time I saw her.
It was not a complete victory.
I sure appreciate all your help.
He put his house up for sale.
Oliver and Alice won't sing unless you ask them to.
He didn't want to leave his house.
Alex sat at the counter.
William didn't need to go to Boston.
Oscar didn't say much.
I may need to do that.
I see the moon and the sun.
James and Monica said their schedule has changed.
What happened to this?
I don't know why James wants to do that.
Have you ever seen Jack naked?
I know Harry is a much better singer than Lucy is.
He doesn't know whether he could be at work tomorrow.
Thank you so much for this.
Oscar and Susie said they knew they might not be required to do that anymore.
James is careful, but Mary isn't.
Jami and Susie said that they were bored.
I have a message for Joe.
Oscar is still doing that.
I'll always remember the first time I saw him.
It's cold this morning, isn't it?
You said his name was Adam, didn't you?
Would you like soup or salad as a side dish?
It is warm.
It's going to work.
George was able to solve the problem in three minutes.
Who knows but everything will go well?
I cannot pretend to be ignorant of the object of your visit.
Now she understands what I mean.
You know that Jacob shouldn't be doing that, don't you?
I think Jacob is the one who's supposed to tell Eva what needs to be done.
We are concerned about James.
James knew he no longer needed to be there.
I don't think Jack is strong enough to lift that box by himself.
I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop.
She writes to her son every now and then.
He loved his job.
Alex wiped his hand on his jeans.
I think that Jacob isn't doing that, but I'm not sure.
Alex heard Monica's scream.
I can't do it justice.
James and Susie said that they would come back.
He will look in on me again this afternoon.
I knew that Muhammad would likely have to do that.
William never gave me the money that he said he gave me.
There's no way Jack would have done that.
I may know her.
The letter "n" is a lower-case character.
I hope you can understand why I'm afraid to do that.
Do you know why Oscar and Julia need to do that?
Oliver's hands are tied behind his back.
I'll help you find them.
Would you tell Joe that Emma phoned?
I'm probably not going to do that by myself.
Alex knew he barely had enough money to buy what he had to buy.
Do you really want to work for an ex-convict?
I thought that perhaps you'd join us.
Jack has learned a valuable lesson.
I don't think Jami and Laur know anybody who is able to do that.
We're a better team than we were last year.
What color is your house?
I'm pretty sure that Alex gets paid a lot more than I do.
Be a little more generous!
Carmen is a Spanish name.
I don't think that anyone has tried to do that before.
Harry and Julia said they'd do anything for you.
Oscar wanted to buy Mary a fur coat.
How many yellow flowers are there there?
Jami is still looking at me.
Keep where I can see you.
Write to them.
I'm pretty sure that we'll win.
I enjoy looking at my old diary.
Our vacation will soon come to an end.
She said she's depressed.
I'll go if you go.
Jack is getting anxious.
Joe has lost something.
I've broken my glasses.
I don't know William, but I know his sister.
Tell us about what happened in Boston.
The brothers hate each other.
That was a cheap shot.
I didn't have to wait so long.
I don't want Oscar to die.
She's a complete joke.
I think Oliver should've left earlier.
I didn't really expect to win.
Alex did that much better the third time he did it.
Alex wants to be careful not to use too much water. His well is almost dry.
Do not give in to those demands.
Jacob can probably get it for you.
That is a big dog.
I was almost killed.
I like all my classes.
Jami and Monica look like they just got up.
Alright, mom, I get it!
We got something for him.
Why don't we all travel together?
Could you recommend a good Arabic teacher for my son?
They did not want to get involved in the fighting.
I feel OK about it.
I didn't know where William and Alice were planning to go.
Won't you have another piece of cake?
James got angry because I didn't do what he asked me to do.
Will Oliver go to Australia next summer?
Jack gave Olivia a Christmas present.
Joe tried to persuade me to sing.
William does that every day.
How did Muhammad go to Boston?
Jami stopped suddenly.
James let us know that he didn't want to do that.
She wants to talk to you.
I have heard the story.
I really hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I thought Oliver wouldn't enjoy doing that with Alice.
Come into my office.
They went on vacation together.
She first met him at a conference in Boston.
Oscar and Alice didn't say what they'd planned to say.
Harry and Eva ate a six-course meal together.
Where do I sign up?
Jacob and Emma say they were hungry.
Jack is middle class, isn't he?
There was such a racket at my house last night, I couldn't sleep.
I think both of you know Joe.
Have you visited foreign countries, say America?
Do you like your brother?
I have to admit I'm impressed.
Muhammad and Catherine seemed perfect together.
Jack warned us that this might happen.
Jack tries so hard.
There's nothing to prevent you from going.
Let me see what you've made.
Jack really thought that we ought to do that.
Even Adam doesn't think he'll get the job.
I wonder whether Harry ever does that.
He's never had to earn his own living.
I don't remember having had any toys when I was young.
The coffee is on me.
You can hide in here until the police leave.
You accept Jack's checks, so why don't you accept mine?
Who's the person Harry went to visit in Boston?
You have to tell me what to do.
Charlie was hired away by a rival company.
Harry is always so negative about everything.
I am in charge of this.
You're a very generous person.
Did you ever have the symptoms which have just been described?
Who are you calling for?
Laur is smart and curious.
Everyone except Eva knew that she didn't have to stay in Boston.
Lucy says she doesn't know why Muhammad is doing that.
The older children helped the younger ones.
It is interesting to play soccer.
Live.
Supply is relative to demand.
George said that I looked awful.
Jami hopes Catherine won't tell the truth.
I hope Joe and Laur are awake.
I should probably tell Oscar I'm going to Boston.
She was right, wasn't she?
Laur told me to stay here until she got back.
I denied I was the one who had stolen Oliver's bicycle.
He knows how to cheat on his wife.
Do you have any idea where we could find Jami?
You didn't tell me you knew Muhammad's address.
You have always been a fighter.
I thought it might be complicated.
Muhammad will never forget the moments he passed with Marie.
Aren't you mad at Alex?
I think Jami needs to be told not to do that.
Adam is well, but Carmen isn't.
Introduce me to your parents when you feel ready.
I've had more girlfriends than Harry.
Let's be creative.
What is fear?
Adam said you'd never come.
I suggest you leave.
Jack and Susie knew that they were lost.
I'm on a late shift today.
Oliver and I speak French to each other.
I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
Would it be real?
I know that Jack doesn't know if Anna wants to do that or not.
Charlie said he didn't think that Lucy did that.
Charlie and Julia told me that they'd do that.
Tommy took care of his sick mother.
We've only got three hours.
Where did she buy those?
Charlie wanted to see me right away.
Did they ever find them?
Time travel is impossible.
Large, isn't it?
How many days has Adam been doing that?
Jacob takes a walk every day.
I wonder if Joe is really supposed to be doing that.
You're supposed to start dinner.
I doubt Jack will cry.
I don't know whether George and Anna are safe or not.
Jacob wasn't surprised Alice won the prize.
Did it turn out the way you hoped?
I'd hate to do that.
How do you start your Monday?
What was the name of that restaurant?
Muhammad and Lucy told John that they'd be likely to do that.
My father told me not to read books in bed.
You're looking well.
He is not what is called a gentleman.
If I'm feeling better tomorrow, let's do that together.
Alex knows a lot of songs.
Jacob is the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I bought an anti-theft system for my bike.
I won't bother you anymore.
Ask Tommy if he has anyone to help him do that.
I'd have to take a look at it first.
I don't know how to reply.
I go shopping at least once a week.
They may need help.
Relax and slow down.
I'm so thirsty.
He knows that you know that.
I wonder what Oliver and Olivia are thinking.
My room is always neat.
Let's throw them out!
I thought it was mine.
Jane is a most charming girl.
Joe is not a boy anymore.
How many cookies are left?
You can't resign now.
Jami should get an application.
I know that Jami isn't here.
I will hug them.
That's how he likes it.
Tell me which of the two cameras is the better one.
Thank you for your assistance.
Do you think William knows Alice is married?
Did William stay in Boston last weekend?
He barely passed the exam.
William was the first one in our class to get married.
I'm going to make soup.
They didn't say what they did.
Does Jack have everything he needs?
The pieces of toast were burned.
Oscar has a really strange sense of humor.
The bills are all done by computers.
Joe won't likely have to do that today.
They're more than friends.
It's pointless. However much we try, we won't succeed. Now admit it.
Tommy should have waited for us to get there.
I can't understand her.
Catherine is blond, isn't she?
William fooled us.
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.
When I saw it, it took my breath away.
Do you think that Adam is still here?
I think Harry is still sleeping.
Tell me whom these books belong to!
Time doesn't pass or go away, time remains inside us.
I thought that William might need to do that today.
That is lame.
He sometimes helps his mother.
Can you see him moving?
Jack and Olivia said they'd do that later.
That was helpful.
The problem is being discussed by them.
Where do you think we should live?
He likes to work out the difficult questions.
Alex caught Carmen stealing money from John's wallet.
I didn't know whether I should do that or not.
Emma told me she'd come again.
I will not let that happen.
Please stay right where you are.
Let me do all of the talking.
He often drives his father's car.
I don't like being treated like this.
It wasn't me who started the fight.
You shouldn't have let the cat out of the bag about being pregnant so soon. I wanted to surprise everyone.
It's really very annoying.
We need to tell her about this.
Tell Muhammad I won't be needing his help.
Everyone seemed to be very busy and everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
Adam seems positive.
They say that they didn't see anything.
My watch must be slow.
Muhammad didn't know how long he should wait.
Did you notice William leaving?
Mary said she couldn't remember anything.
Death is the point at which you can't be alive again. You can't die and then come back to life. If you think that happened, you weren't really dead.
"The more you see Oliver, the better looking he is." "Yeah, the less you see him, the worse he looks?"
Tommy didn't believe Mary when she said she loved him.
He acts his age.
Jacob ended up dead.
If you don't know where you're going, you'll certainly get there.
How are we supposed to find Jami?
Into every life a little rain must fall.
George is very honest by nature.
I don't want to know what's going to happen.
Why do you like doing this so much?
He taught me how to swim.
Charlie said that he thought that Mary would be at today's meeting.
He often walks to school.
Harry isn't hurt.
Are you telling us the truth?
Muhammad and I danced together.
No medicine can cure this disease.
Jacob told me he thought Emma was desperate.
It's best not to leave her alone in that frame of mind.
I could've gotten involved, but I chose not to.
Those two really hit it off.
I took it full face.
Find me a glass.
George doesn't seem to be having as much fun as Carmen seems to be having.
I've decided that I'm the one who ought to do that.
I'll lose.
Don't you have more to say?
I'm sorry, but you don't have the right to phone here.
Where does this go?
Get the bicycle out of the way.
I got a little tired.
I know that Jack and Susie have never gone to Boston together.
The Party is always right.
It's too bad, but your character gets killed at the start of the play.
George and Susie told us they couldn't win.
I'm going to call Muhammad right now.
It appeared that war would come.
You should not laugh at his mistake.
Jacob grew up in a house full of books.
Just tell Harry what's in your heart.
Even you are a guy who doesn't know when to give up.
I really don't think it works.
No one has understood it yet.
I don't know where Alex wants to live.
Margaret has some things she has to do.
She got off at the next station.
They'll do it when they come in.
You have cute eyes.
I've been trying to talk to you for over a month.
Jack was in total shock.
It's the ideal place.
I'm going to wait outside.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about Jacob and Anna's wedding.
Alex's idea seems good.
There once was a bridge here a long time ago.
I wonder whether or not Adam left early.
James and Alice were sure they'd find other jobs.
Tommy and Laur sold their houses.
I am not too tired.
Oscar won't be able do that without somebody's help.
I want a chair.
Alex hopes to visit Boston next summer.
She could not forget the handsome prince.
Whenever she may come, I am ready to welcome her.
It was clear that Muhammad was going to enjoy doing that.
I don't work there anymore.
I hope someone will do that.
I'm not going to do that anymore.
I knew that Jack wasn't afraid of anybody.
Who're you calling now?
Jacob would've liked to attend Margaret's party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
I have been to the station.
Tommy is allergic to alcohol.
She decided to throw a party.
They are boring a hole.
Adam threw the ball to me.
I thought they'd find somebody else.
William stood up for himself.
Don't go over there.
Monica admitted that she'd been foolish.
Leave your umbrella at the front door.
During the night, a gunshot rang out.
It isn't too hard to learn French.
This is the very reason why I take no interest in art.
Tommy didn't know that Eva couldn't understand French.
Everybody got scared.
I don't know how to deal with this.
Harry said that Catherine often helps out in the store.
Jami says he doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
Tommy is at his desk working.
Joe said that he can't wait any longer.
We'll miss them.
Alex was asked to do some things he didn't want to do.
I just got her off to school.
Charlie told me he'd be coming back.
Muhammad said he hadn't seen either of you.
Sorry to trouble you, Oscar, but we have a problem I think you can help us solve.
Adam had no chance to defend himself.
I didn't want to hurt your feelings, and I regret that I did.
This is my first time, so I'm a little nervous.
It was so boring.
I still want to buy one of those.
If I hadn't remembered, I would have forgotten.
Jack and Mary had to go to Boston by themselves.
Eva is ready to go now, isn't she?
Muhammad left his job because he hated his boss.
Why do you have to do it?
You need to take a chill pill.
It took them some time to get used to each other.
Alex told me that Emma wasn't retired.
I'm really tired and need to go to bed.
Maybe Jacob needs help.
She isn't much like her brother.
I think Alex has to be shown how to do that.
James says he hopes Carmen knows she doesn't need to do that.
How did you talk James into buying that for you?
Oscar deals with that kind of problem every day.
I have no idea who needs to do that.
He's in a bad state.
I'll help you to the best of my ability.
Muhammad said that Laur has to do that.
William is probably planning on staying in Boston until October.
I go to bed around 11:30 p.m.
Julia said she'd write to us.
George is slow, but Susie isn't.
They end up with clean soil.
She bought a nice toy for her child.
Carmen enjoyed herself.
What's that tall man playing?
Jami said that Carmen is going to go see John.
I don't handle loneliness well.
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
Jacob assumed everybody knew who he was.
Alex is having a party this evening.
Adam really is in over his head.
I've promised Oscar that I'd be there.
Which ones are William's?
Susie is taking us back home, isn't she?
What movie did William want to see?
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?
You have something on your face.
They said they weren't convinced.
I know William is just a child.
I served in the intelligence corps.
Joe is out of shape.
Every year, spring brings warm weather to our town.
I'd probably get fired if I did that.
Adam thought that Catherine would be there.
A lion's teeth are sharp.
I told Anna to stop doing that, but she did it anyway.
It shouldn't take long to find Joe.
Give him a fair half.
I can't find the word to express what I feel.
I feel a sense of duty.
Jacob may leave early.
I was unable to effect any change in his way of thinking.
He feels at home.
I want some more.
They said they were hoping we'd do that.
William picked a fight with me.
Muhammad could have hurt himself today.
Muhammad didn't pay us.
I was at home the whole time.
I'm going to pray a whole lot.
We arranged the flowers.
This is the very thing you need now.
It's going to happen today.
I'm not going to lie to Jack.
I don't think that Jami knows what'll happen.
Make sure Jack gets this.
He's probably in his room.
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.
We know that you're not stupid.
You're a beast! You haven't even missed one question!
Catherine is much smarter than she looks.
He said he regrets doing that.
You could go bowling with Jacob if you want.
I love Charlie more than anything.
Charlie is never on hand when I want him.
You should be terrified.
We both know why Tommy isn't here.
I don't know whether Jack and Carmen need to do that or not.
I really don't like playing tennis.
I don't think George will agree.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
Joe says he thinks it's a waste of time to vote.
Because it was very expensive, I did not buy it.
He's feeling dizzy.
Harry said that he'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Why were James and Eva in Australia last month?
He's been in the service for 50 years.
Oscar was waiting in the darkness.
Our new car isn't very big.
William and Monica could've gotten home by themselves.
I want to know what Tommy's blood type is.
I don't think that James knows anyone who can do that.
I'm sorry. I won't ever do that again.
Everything that James just said was true.
Harry has always been a great player.
It's just good manners.
It is two o'clock in the morning.
Adam said he had some personal problems to take care of.
I'm kind of in the middle of something here.
It's Tommy and Anna who need convincing.
My team is the leading team.
Oliver wasn't at home today.
We've been without power for three days now.
It's a good book.
It sounds like you're going to buy a pony.
Oliver isn't as fat as he used to be.
Harry forgot to remind Anna to do that.
Oscar doesn't care how you do that.
What did Carmen say she expected to happen?
We may as well all go.
I know you still love him.
I should get ready.
That was hardly a fair fight.
Do you want some more time?
He has helped the poor throughout his life.
Did you know Charlie couldn't swim?
Jack doesn't want to talk to you.
Muhammad and Carmen said they couldn't remember where John lived.
I thought you knew Tommy was going to be here today.
I bought this book in Boston last month.
I think we should do that.
Margaret told Tommy she wasn't married.
Another event that has the same behaviour would also be fine.
You don't seem to know what you're talking about.
I thought that Adam would leave with Olivia.
Didn't you know that Harry lived in Boston when he was a kid?
She could try doing that by herself.
We lost track of time.
It's because he loves me.
Harry is already on the plane.
I want to move here.
Just tell me when you want to leave.
I played against the champion.
Laur walked into her bedroom.
Jacob won't likely want to do that on a day like this.
Julia is really old, isn't she?
My, how you've grown!
You're more than welcome.
They said that they think they won't do that.
Oliver is completely confused.
William's head was spinning.
I always have trouble sleeping the night before a big concert.
I'm afraid your plan will not work.
Mike can't have done such a thing.
Valentina said she couldn't recall.
I said that I didn't want to do that with George.
I think that Alex should stay here with us.
The train should be on time.
Now apologize.
You're only a kid once.
Jami said that Emma agreed to do that.
Hadn't we better be going soon?
Charlie was silly.
Nobody at the party knew that Tommy had just gotten out of prison.
They say that they don't need money.
That won't be an easy task.
To be honest, I don't like him.
The photo takes me back to my childhood days.
Why is it that kids leave their clothes all over the floor, after they take them off?
Something has changed this time.
Why do people kill themselves?
The best way is to take things as they come.
I think that Tommy and Emma are secretly married.
I know her very well.
They said they cried every day.
She's still breathing.
I think we should talk to Jacob.
I'm not going to go to Australia with you.
I didn't tell Alex what he needed to do.
I didn't know that you spoke French.
William said that Eva wasn't sure what she needed to do.
It was a pretty amazing experience.
I'm going to drive downtown.
I never stay anywhere for more than three days.
She refused to talk to me.
I kept singing.
Oliver didn't want to go to Australia with Olivia.
Susie has had a long day and she's too tired to help you now.
Do you really think Tommy and Carmen were unfair?
It's very unlikely that any evidence will turn up to prove Tommy's guilt.
We may live in Australia for a few years.
How did it all come about?
War doesn't pay.
I asked Oscar if he had experience doing that.
Yesterday Jami went to Anna's house.
Eva filled her glass again.
Tony can run the fastest in our class.
I think Joe doesn't really like Valentina very much.
Joe wants something else.
The collar is worn out.
Wanna shoot some pool?
That's something Jami must do.
Does William know that you want to buy a new computer?
He said that he was suspicious.
Oscar couldn't go on the picnic with us today because he had an important business meeting.
We discussed our plans for the summer holidays.
I wonder whether Oscar knew I had to do that.
The puppy was born without a tail.
Does Lucy know what she's doing?
I lost my keys and I can't find them.
I'm sure James would rather be somewhere else.
Charlie will be a good husband.
How long have you been sitting there?
This shop sells articles of all kinds.
Was his name Jacob or John?
I'll cook something for you.
I know Oscar didn't know Laur was going to do that.
The darkness will work to my advantage.
I'd rather do that today than tomorrow.
You don't think Muhammad will call again, do you?
Charlie is still sleeping on the couch.
Charlie and Carmen said they didn't think John would've done that.
He kissed me on the forehead.
Oscar parked as close to Alice's apartment building as he could.
We know you've got plenty to say.
I'm sure we can trust him.
I am happy to see our green flag flying in the wind.
Charlie and Alice haven't yet told me why they need to do that.
Oscar and Valentina are both ambitious.
I did not approve of your pretending to be sick to skip work.
Jami and Eva are going to have a goodbye party for John.
Jacob is working on a new plan.
I want to learn to sing like you.
She promised she wouldn't leave town.
I helped Jacob and Lucy make dinner.
Is it true that Jacob will be here tomorrow?
You need to hurry.
I wanted to go back to your village.
Do you really think it's wise to do that?
A lot of snow fell last year.
I knew George wasn't a very good cook.
William and Valentina don't plan on going this week.
Tommy has already stopped doing that.
I don't mind helping Jack a little.
I tried to warn her.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that.
He isn't as active as his brother.
We want information.
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
I know it's highly unlikely anyone knows me.
George and Monica are approximately the same height.
Hold your horses. You're crossing the line here!
Kids like to play.
His explanation didn't come across well.
I couldn't believe Muhammad would really say no to me.
Alex is in a fairly bad mood right now.
To be honest, I don't know.
Why must you find fault in everything?
Adam said that he'd expected Mary to get back to Boston on October 20th.
What a day.
I got here at about 2:30.
Alex is trying on a pair of shoes.
You can't even imagine what he's capable of.
You're going to do fine.
When he stopped running, he was satisfied.
Susie lost her job recently.
Hang in there, James. You're doing fine.
I thought that you'd be grateful.
You seem to be an honest man.
I'm going to buy some orange juice.
Jami and Laur admitted they didn't do what we had asked them to do.
Everyone's gone fishing, except for Jami.
I didn't think that Adam would listen to you.
The word you use depends on your intended meaning.
Which high school do you attend?
They still haven't washed their car.
Jacob told me he'd be back soon.
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.
I'm hungry now.
He acted on the stage.
Oscar won't likely be home tomorrow.
Those girls are beautiful.
George is going to improve.
I am taking her out to dinner this evening.
I don't think James is home.
Do I have permission?
I promise I'll do that today.
Was James a drug addict?
Slowly, the leaves are falling.
George just sat there listening.
In 1900, he left England, and he never returned.
Let's put Jacob's name on the list.
I'll do whatever it takes to make sure you have a good time here.
James came here with Laur, didn't he?
She nailed a board.
Let me show you around our house.
Jami was really hurt by what you said.
Alex hated Susie, but not as much as she hated him.
He jumped on his horse.
We lack nothing.
Oscar borrowed some books from the library to read over the weekend.
I don't love you.
He says he ought to do that.
I know Jami does that as well as Susie does.
Do you think James and Laur will eat together?
I always spend Christmas Day with my parents.
Why's Oliver here and not Laur?
Oliver could be injured.
It doesn't have to end this way.
Just take what you want and go.
I love the smell of popcorn at a movie theater.
I didn't know you were planning to do that while you were in Australia.
Jacob has only been here three months.
She always leaves her computer on.
You complain a lot, don't you?
Nobody I know studies French.
Emma raised her hand.
Let's go to a Chinese restaurant.
I forgot to tell him.
Keep this in your mind!
I still don't know who William and Valentina are.
It was a nightmare.
I'd like some white wine, please.
Jacob is going to visit Australia.
Aren't you bringing your camera?
Do you know of any good medicine for a headache?
The answer leads us to a vicious circle.
James and Julia told me that they did that for us.
Mary phoned her lawyer.
You'd better sit here.
That's my most secret ambition!
I ran out of money during my stay in India.
It may be fun to do that.
James has to be grateful for that.
It's your favorite song.
I wish I'd been here three hours ago.
I did that the easy way.
How many times do I have to tell you that I don't want you here?
Please call me.
When is Muhammad planning to eat?
We'd better go pick up him.
My Russian is terrible.
Does Charlie not understand what's going on?
Tommy knew Mary would arrive late.
We've even asked Charlie to help.
I thought that someone had taken care of this already.
Every beloved object is the center point of a paradise.
I think that Oscar knows who shot Julia.
We used to do that every Monday.
I'd better ask George.
Tommy is in the waiting room.
I'll stay until the end.
I don't have to do that, but Oscar and Emma do.
Muhammad has been doing that since last summer.
Isn't today your birthday?
I fell asleep during the movie.
Joe thought Eva was a teacher.
I was tired of looking at it.
Charlie won't be able to get there on time.
A gentleman would not spit on the street.
You didn't pass the test?
They knew that they ought to do that.
Why did she go to the station?
I have a feeling Joe can win.
Go play tennis with Tommy.
There's never a dull moment with you.
She acted without thinking.
Jack is John's oldest son.
You could've ruined everything.
Charlie isn't losing.
Oliver and Anna told everybody they were safe.
I hope nobody feels like that.
There's no way to know how much time it's going to take.
Maybe you'd better call him.
Bring me another beer.
Carmen looks like she's angry.
Jack and Mary told Jack that they were planning on doing that.
They considered it.
I thought you might be hungry.
I don't think Jacob was sleepy.
The manager asked me if I wanted my old job back.
Oscar asked Eva to walk faster.
Please be as brief as possible.
George lived next to a library.
The bus was hot and crowded.
Why shouldn't I buy it if I can afford it?
Jacob didn't know that Emma would be at the party.
None of them knows French.
You have to learn from your sisters.
Muhammad has very little experience.
I thought that you said you'd rather do that yourself.
Jami thinks that Carmen won't be ready to do that.
Jack was half naked.
Surprised at her behavior, he could not say a word.
Who is my neighbor?
Julia is afraid of men.
No matter how old you get, you can still learn.
Olivia said she needed our help.
It didn't stop there.
Did you stay long at his place?
We're going to help you.
Harry said he hasn't yet seen that video.
You can't come to the party dressed like that!
We should consider it.
Why would I want to do something like that?
I'm trying to protect you.
They say that they have experience.
Charlie and Laur look exactly the same as they always do.
"There won't be any need, I hope." "But you don't know what will happen."
Get your clothes on, George.
The girl singing with Oliver is Carmen.
I also don't think that James really needs to do that.
I'm better off in Australia.
It's not true.
This is a big concern.
Taking a walk in the park, I was spoken to by an old couple.
I've forgotten how to play that song.
I'm taking good care of him.
Aren't you sorry for what happened last night?
Jami isn't worried about that.
The value of a college education is not the learning of many facts but the training of the mind to think.
You did that once.
Carmen and I were good friends.
Harry has met someone.
George has to take care of his younger brother.
She abandoned her son to his fate.
These flowers aren't for you.
His patience reached its limit.
I don't think Tommy has ever been happy here.
I had no idea that Adam was planning on asking Olivia not to do that.
Joe is moving to Australia this summer.
George said he was hoping that he and Laur could eat together.
I took one down.
I know Charlie doesn't know that Olivia won't be able to do that.
Rain has cleared up in the city.
Charlie seems to care.
You really loved me.
I didn't see anything strange.
Don't try to get up yet.
Margaret let me know that she wanted to do that.
Charlie and Valentina seemed surprised when I told them they didn't need to do that.
This time we won.
This is not my Japanese friend.
Could you come here a moment please?
Valentina did what Harry asked her to do, but she didn't do what John asked her to do.
Margaret says she's still planning to go.
It's not your problem, anyway.
William won't hurt me.
She said that she had to stay home.
Jami got scared.
If you don't do this now, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
I didn't buy the model airplane that Harry wanted me to buy for him.
Jacob has had an unusual career.
You've got until 2:30 tomorrow to get this done.
That's why you insist upon playing tennis.
Catherine is going back home, isn't she?
She's not stupid.
I forgot to pay my rent this month.
Tommy has finally figured out how to do that.
Don't take our word for it.
Tell her to take a seat.
The odds are against us.
Alex still works several days a week.
What size are you looking for?
Jack looks very content.
I wish Tommy and Lucy were happy.
George and Emma thought they must be mistaken.
They're wasting time.
George picked some flowers from the garden and put them on the dining room table.
Harry is pretty organized.
William is the last person I want to see today.
I think that Oscar won't accomplish anything.
Alex is so far the worst person I have ever met.
How did Adam know Laur would be here?
Alex is looking for ways to make a little money.
It's easy to work in jeans.
Do they speak French in Australia?
It's going to take more money than that.
Joe lived in the woods.
I'm glad to hear Charlie and Carmen are out of danger.
I wonder whether Joe ever works on Sunday.
Muhammad will wash the car tomorrow.
How often do you practice basketball?
I wasn't invited.
I don't want word of this getting around.
Children often do stupid things.
I asked James and Catherine what they'd advise.
I knew William was in Australia.
Did Jack say who was going to help him?
George and Carmen usually do that when they're nervous.
I didn't realize Jacob wanted to do that.
Is there someone here who speaks French?
Adam soon realized that he wasn't going to be able to do that.
I can give you more details on Monday.
I'd appreciate your support in this matter.
You're not supposed to be doing that, are you?
What does your daughter look like?
Harry can do that for Anna.
He said he'd never heard of me.
I know you want to be rich.
Alice should've done it the way you told her to do it.
I'm going to give up.
This is not what I ordered.
I told him that I'd help you.
Could you explain your previous statement?
Jami and Olivia will probably tell John that they don't know how to do that.
He is not so healthy as he used to be.
He had his wife painted.
We have another test after this one.
Good-bye, take it easy.
We sent Jack a copy.
No one can determine the amount of money we waste in a year.
I'm going to take a cab.
Let's hope that's enough.
How much is that wooden chair?
Where are you going to study?
To my surprise, he had a beautiful voice.
Don't forget to go see Jacob tomorrow.
Jacob is as good at cooking as his father is.
The answer's no.
Tell Oliver I need to do that.
There's a spot on your shirt.
William is going to Australia tomorrow.
They said they're quit drinking.
I don't have any trouble believing that.
You shouldn't have brought Jami with you.
Should we consider ourselves hostages?
I want to see her now.
It's useless to even try.
Catherine doesn't speak French as well as I thought she did.
George wasn't the first one to get up this morning.
You look beautiful.
You won't be on your own.
There's no doubt that James likes doing that.
The bugs are everywhere.
Why are you so dressed up? Where are you going?
Thank you for not blaming me for the accident.
George and Margaret are in Boston now, aren't they?
Harry is a real hard worker.
I'm starting to get a little worried about what might happen.
There's no problem at all.
I don't think that Oliver knows what he should be doing.
Harry wasn't on the team.
I want to know when I need to be there.
Jack has a very negative attitude.
I had a lot of fun doing that.
Tommy took a self-defense class.
Alex looks like he'd like to leave.
In general, things are all right.
Can you help us or not?
Oscar isn't able to do what we asked.
I didn't think we were going to make it on time.
I'm going to always be here.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after I had drunk so much.
Tell them we're looking for a bomb.
I'm almost as old as Jacob is.
Just wait a minute.
According to an expert, the experience can be a 'huge shock' to families.
There's nothing I can do to help him.
Dan was kidnapped when he was just five.
We just do what we do.
Oliver acted as my guide.
I think Charlie and Monica are downstairs.
Let's get ourselves organized.
William and Eva said that they would come.
We decided not to do that anymore.
William said doing that wouldn't be enough.
I don't understand why Oscar and Emma have to do that.
I dropped my keys.
Don't play that game.
You hardly ever complain about anything.
George needs to explain a few things to me.
Don't interfere with my studying.
William is quite narrow-minded, isn't he?
I'm really looking forward to playing tennis with Joe.
I think you're missing the big picture.
Didn't anyone tell you?
I thought you could help me.
What do you want to say to me?
The telephone is essential to modern life.
Isn't the weather bad?
You wore me down.
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
I'd like to be your friend.
Adam told me he hoped Margaret would be the first one to do that.
It looks like it's going to snow.
I'm quite angry.
Jacob admitted that the rumors were true.
Can you give us a description of the car that hit Adam?
I thought that we could offer to help Tommy.
I learned a new technique.
George was afraid Valentina would laugh at him.
Where to afterwards?
How many people do you have in your family?
George said that you could speak French.
Laur said she thought Jack had already finished doing that.
It looks like Charlie will be last.
He promised to come, and didn't.
I don't like to be disturbed.
I thought that you said Charlie was in Australia.
Adam knew Maria didn't love him.
He could swim free in the lake.
Alex and Susie look like they're suspicious.
I used to walk to school.
George blamed Laur for what went wrong.
Harry said that's not likely to happen again.
Which movie do you want to watch first?
She says that she'll do that someday.
There's not much to see.
I thought we were going to be on the winning side.
That's actually really mean.
Alice thinks that her life is boring.
Do you want to drink coffee?
I thought that this was just between us.
I knew that Harry was a former student of Valentina's, so I asked him if he thought that she was a good teacher.
He would not take this chance.
I wonder if Muhammad really wants to go to Boston with us.
"Don't be late, OK?" "But Dad, it's Halloween."
Could we try to do that again?
I don't think that I can hold on much longer.
Are you going to be all right?
They're creepy.
Let's grab something to eat.
Eva will probably tell Joe she doesn't like him.
I don't really feel like doing that today.
I thought maybe you'd changed your mind about going to Australia.
I locked myself in the bathroom.
The girl came without complaint.
I've been alone for a long time.
Jack wants to know who you want to hire.
Which road did you choose?
Jami brought us gifts.
Mary refused to do what I asked her to do.
What is the situation in Boston?
We didn't go to Australia with Jami.
He was as great a poet as ever lived.
The workers are complaining that their hours have been increased.
Alex doesn't seem to be busy today.
We spoke for around three hours.
I lost the watch which I bought the day before.
The movie is X-rated.
Alex and Lucy said that they could do that today.
I was surprised that Adam wasn't able to do that.
I doubt that it's possible.
Adam isn't a doctor.
Alex could be determined to do that.
Harry is the only boy here who doesn't like baseball.
We might have to be in Australia for a week or two.
I don't know what Joe was talking about.
He lies.
Mike sings well.
Isn't there an easier way to do that?
I knew you'd come to save me.
Is my software up-to-date?
We'll talk again.
Joe didn't know he was going to die before he was thirty.
Oliver and Monica relaxed in front of the TV for a couple of hours watching an old movie.
Jacob was extremely grateful.
I have nowhere else to go. Can I sleep at your place?
I should help William and Susie do that.
William wasn't troubled by anything at all.
I don't think that I'll let Charlie do that.
Speak slowly, please.
I know George doesn't know that I don't often do that.
At the train can start taking advantage of the time from the first minute, something that does not happen on a flight.
That bus will take you to the zoo.
They haven't opened their books yet.
He tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
Joe has three brothers. All three of them live in Australia.
I sent a present to Susie yesterday.
He speaks French, doesn't he?
I doubt Jack will admit he was wrong.
William says someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Emma does.
I thought that Charlie wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
Jami drove.
It would be ridiculous to do that by yourself.
They knew me.
I can't send my word.
George can't have done this all by himself.
It's a simple question.
I used to walk with a cane.
When was the last time you made Valentina cry?
Muhammad told me he thought Eva wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't know that Tommy was there.
I'm not that type of guy.
I'll have another.
Some people did nothing.
That movie ended up being a bore.
Joe and Susie weren't where they should've been.
I'm sure Charlie can win.
Oliver is going to stay here with us.
Joe says he thinks about Mary all the time.
Of course, you're supposed to tell the truth.
I do that the same way Alex and Julia do.
No, you can turn it off.
Charlie and Mary say everyone they know has gone to Boston.
He's in that room.
Adam put his hand on Valentina's shoulder.
They have fixed to go to London.
I almost forgot to tell you why I'm here.
Muhammad said that Catherine isn't shy.
Jacob and Lucy say they plan to do that.
Are you sure there's nothing left to eat?
I didn't mean to hurt you.
I suspect Oliver doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I hope Muhammad didn't do what Susie told him to do.
Susie will get killed if she's not careful.
I thought that you said that you'd like to know why Jami needed to do that.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
When was the last time that you told your wife that she was beautiful?
I feel really good.
We need to talk to everyone.
I just wanted to say "Hi".
It's possible that Jami will do that.
I wish you didn't call me all the time.
I might be the only one alive who knows where Adam did that.
Charlie tried to keep up with Alice.
Oscar had dinner with the others.
What would happen if we just ignored James's request?
I know that George is finished.
He's sitting in the waiting room.
Blue looks good on you.
You must go through with your plan.
Does James know why you're doing this?
I don't think I'll be able to finish the job by myself.
George and Anna could've done that on their own.
Jacob explained the decision.
I want you to help me get out of here.
I want to see her by any means.
He is at school. Are they, too?
James and Catherine told John they wouldn't be at his party.
The doors wouldn't open, so I had to get in through the trunk.
Tommy said there wasn't anything he could do.
They told me they didn't agree.
He said that he's not hungry.
Jami's been out of work for half a year.
Anna made her husband's breakfast.
I think we should consider George's offer a little more carefully.
William said that isn't the only reason why Monica wants to do that.
Monica is wrong, isn't she?
Oliver and Monica said that they didn't think doing that would be possible.
We didn't need to ask him to resign.
This is the house Charlie plans to buy.
I thought Muhammad was going to help us.
There's a very good chance that William will be late.
I was wondering if you might be willing to talk to Muhammad.
I suspect that Jami will do that.
Alex isn't seated, but Catherine is.
I have no time to explain this in detail.
Jami and Susie say they don't want to go.
Not all questions have answers.
Do you have a map? Because I'm getting lost in your eyes.
He hates Halloween.
You ought to change your clothes.
She will have been in hospital for a month next Monday.
Are we going towards the city centre?
Eva said she was too short to reach the top shelf.
I know Jami didn't know we had to do that.
Is someone here?
Alice said she thought she might have to do that before she can go home.
Three quarters of the members of this club are girls.
That isn't very hard.
William is very likely doing that now.
I go to bed at eleven.
They had big plans for you.
Do you really think you need to do that?
That'll be my job.
Did you show it to Joe?
I did that the right way.
I had a crush on Muhammad when I was in high school.
He was injured in his left leg in the accident.
It's starting to get light.
I just need you to come with me.
He made a list.
I don't care who Alex is talking to.
Adam wasn't able to hide his excitement.
She seems to have been offended by what he said.
I'm afraid of bears.
Don't bother to try to convince Tommy to do that.
The meat is tough.
Oliver and Monica are thinking about putting their house up for sale.
People are dying simply because they refuse to change their diet.
People do not trust a weak government.
Both girls have blue eyes.
Is it possible to travel at such a high speed?
I've told him where we are.
Her father approved of her plan.
Adam's worried.
Muhammad said that he'd never let you drive.
I fired Lucy.
I got my mother's goat when I gave her the salt instead of the sugar.
Why didn't you show me this before?
What else could you possibly give me that I don't already have?
I made plans.
There was a lot of food left over from the party.
Julia says she wants to apologize to Muhammad for doing that.
Do you think Joe would know how to fix this?
William found it, didn't he?
You can ask him yourself.
Muhammad probably doesn't really know how to do that yet.
Has Jami done that?
I just don't know.
Is Tommy in on this?
I'm best friends with Muhammad.
I knew it wasn't the first time that Adam had done that.
Adam's plan has been rejected.
He takes a bus to his office.
I don't think that Oliver would ever forget you.
I didn't like them.
We'll have to wait and see what happens.
James didn't shoot to kill.
The party was perfectly deadly.
Oliver couldn't figure out how to do it.
What kind of briefcase do you want me to buy for you?
What are our plans for today?
I know Adam won't do that anytime soon.
She has no control over her class.
Dan thinks he's a god.
Oliver will explain it to you when he comes back.
No one asked me what I wanted to eat.
What's so fantastic about that?
You need to tell William the truth.
It is uncomfortable to be sitting on this chair.
Harry sat by the pool.
He sent me some flowers.
My uncle keeps a dog.
They say they'd never leave early.
This car's tires don't have enough air.
I think Tommy and Valentina are sensible.
If you want to lose weight, then you need to control your appetite.
Joe said that he hoped that Susie would be allowed to do that.
Joe spoke to Julia in a whisper.
I don't know how to play bridge.
Oscar didn't have anything to do.
Harry could've come to my concert, but he didn't.
I haven't seen you for a long time, Bill.
The reason that the report had so many mistakes was because I wrote it in a hurry.
Jack and Anna couldn't find jobs they liked in Boston, so they moved to Chicago.
I had a job.
If you don't have anything nice to say, keep your mouth shut.
If you're missing the forest for the trees then you're failing to see the big picture.
This pond doesn't run dry even in summer.
The Earth is smaller than the Sun.
Jami hopes that Valentina knows she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
The TV host said production would put in contact with me to deliver the award.
I'm glad that you can come.
They've returned from their trip.
I think Jami hates my dog.
Someone sent me a gift.
Muhammad's German is pretty good.
I don't allow Joe to do that.
Jami didn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
I think that Oliver did that, even though he said he didn't.
Your ideas are weird.
Jack isn't going to sell his house.
Joe and Margaret know they're in real trouble now.
The former half of the film was dull.
I'm not so sure that I like Laur as much as the first time I saw her.
The bus broke down at one end of the bridge.
I'm real sorry for all this.
I know both Joe and Susie have been arrested.
I know Jami's in love with Laur.
Do you want a small wedding or a large one?
Joe lost his job on Monday.
Charlie and Catherine swear they didn't do that.
I think that I'll be in Boston by 2:30.
Let them come aboard.
Why are you protecting Jacob?
I've finished cleaning my room.
I don't like him because he loses his temper easily.
What a big book this is!
I hope Alex isn't still crying.
George didn't know Eva wasn't the one who cooked dinner.
Everyone hates you because you are lying all the time. You get what you deserve.
I didn't know that you and Adam worked together.
It seems strange that they feel so angry.
William wants you to know what he can do to help.
I don't think it's him.
I'm not qualified to do this job.
You're my favorite teacher.
They live just down the street.
James is a shepherd.
I'm not your toy.
I hope that what Tommy said is true.
She said she needs to get some air.
Oliver said that he wished that he hadn't done that by himself.
I met her along the way to school.
Muhammad didn't seem to be as greedy as Olivia.
A man can't expect always to have it his own way.
It would've been nice if you'd helped me a little.
Still?
Don't show this to them.
He thinks that he's always right.
Charlie and Laur don't feel like doing that again.
William is happier than we've ever seen him.
I don't have a choice. I have to do that.
I know that James is a lot older than I am.
How do you like them apples?
Julia is paid by the hour, isn't she?
Let me see what it looks like.
It was horrible to hear about the crime.
Jack says Julia definitely won't accept the job.
Oliver did that because he had to.
Joe told me he thought Laur didn't have to do that.
I thought I told you to stay where you were.
I should have told Alex why he wasn't supposed to leave early.
I wasn't making fun of them.
Let's hope for the best but expect the worst.
It smells like someone has been smoking in here.
So don't hesitate.
Jami told me that he thought Carmen was serious.
If we're lucky we'll catch James in the office.
What's your dad's name?
He hasn't written you a letter in a long time.
You know I can't wait any more.
James may not even have known about today's meeting.
I don't think that doing that would be dangerous.
The center is an ideal.
George is usually useless in these situations.
Carmen told me she wasn't mad.
Anna will write to her sister.
Let's be real here.
Charlie didn't seem at all concerned.
I know that Jacob and Valentina used to be good friends.
Adam and I are planning on eating together.
Alex seems shocked.
Jami can only see out of one eye.
Oscar told me he thought Susie shouldn't do that.
She's lived here her entire life.
I haven't taken a bath for a week.
It'll take a lot of time to do that.
James and Valentina don't plan on doing that until you tell them to.
Why didn't you tell me you couldn't swim?
He told me he wasn't thirsty.
This temple was built by an ancient civilization.
It looks like William and Valentina are enjoying themselves.
Charlie may do that if he wants.
What's Charlie going to do with that?
You might have to go to Boston next week.
He's got two cats, one white and one black.
There was a phone call from a girl.
They said that their houses weren't for sale.
Adam has never heard Catherine sing.
It was he who did this work.
Alex said that he was willing to lend us three thousand dollars.
He said he had quit doing that.
Why was that?
I told you Joe wouldn't want to go.
No, thank you.
Jacob said he didn't know how to do it.
Do you have anything you want to say?
James said that he didn't want me to go.
Eat everything.
Valentina really takes after her mother.
I think that Harry forgot to do that.
Oliver said that he was glad that he was able to do that.
I know you have it.
George says he's sorry he broke his promise.
Their dog was so fierce that he kept everyone away.
William and Mary told me that they were surprised.
Who had this ugly house built?
I'll be there sometime after lunch.
Muhammad wasn't able to get Valentina to laugh.
You're the only one who has to leave.
Muhammad sure knows how to play the guitar.
Alex and Olivia say they didn't do anything wrong.
It's not likely to be as complicated as you think it'll be.
You're a very good soccer player.
The only one here who doesn't like fishing is Jacob.
I'll never forget what George told me that day.
You are mistaken!
I know Oscar will be doing that later.
A strange thing happened last night.
Susie told Oliver she didn't want him to go to Boston.
Do they really pay you to do this?
Where did she put my hat?
We'll help you look for him.
We're all trying to win.
Jami says he needs another computer.
Oscar and Susie looked at one another for a few minutes.
I never will like it.
Everybody rushed towards him.
They never caught her.
Jack and Mary say that they used to do that.
He tried his best not to get wet.
I need it immediately.
I think about her all day.
I know George won't be doing that anytime soon.
I didn't want my parents to know that I was drunk.
Who's in it?
When you contact me, please do so by phone.
I have torn everyone who reached out for me.
I don't think Tommy and Anna are going to be too much help.
You shouldn't do this.
Japan has produced more cars than ever this year.
I know you were close to them.
What exactly did you do?
I know that you must be frightened.
I always said Alex was a smart kid.
Oliver and I haven't yet reached an agreement.
William told Alice that he had seen John in October.
Margaret said she thought Charlie might not be allowed to do that by himself.
I knew that George was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she had to do that.
Oliver is likely to do that eventually.
How are you finding the Quality Control department?
Somebody dropped the ball.
Dan checked into a hotel in London.
I've been waiting since six o'clock and still my turn hasn't come.
Where's my jacket?
I know what to study.
I don't want to add trouble to Jacob.
How did Oscar earn the medal?
Is Boston an interesting place to live?
Jami is getting used to living in Boston.
You are to shut the door after you enter a room.
Don't I know you from someplace?
I'll take them there myself.
Anna is a lot smarter than she looks.
Everything is well with us.
You can't leave me now.
I can't figure out what he really wants.
There's only one clean cup.
James is quite angry, isn't he?
You'll never leave this town.
I know Tommy was a friend of yours.
William didn't know what Margaret thought of it.
We knew we could come back.
George and Carmen wouldn't let anyone help them.
Joe doesn't tell me anything.
Can it get any worse?
George said that Lucy seemed to be confused.
I knew Harry was a bartender.
I doubt I will finish it by the end of this week.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
Would you mind putting her on the phone?
You did something incredibly stupid.
Is that the real reason that you don't like George?
I have some French books.
Which dog is Joe's?
I'm not from here.
I'm not sure Muhammad has to do that again.
I hate to do this.
Joe is perfectly safe here.
Alex and three other crew members were injured in the accident.
Is that Jack singing?
I didn't realize James had to help Susie.
You've eaten.
James and Valentina became friends when they both lived in Australia.
He is not the same as before.
I think that Muhammad would like to be present at today's meeting.
Alex has already done that a lot of times.
She was caught with her pants down.
Joe said that he knew who did that.
Charlie is a politician.
I got another letter from Adam today.
This cheese is made from cow's milk.
Jack said he knew where the body was buried.
I will surely miss them.
We will go to watch TV.
At least I'm honest and I say I'm not perfect.
Adam could have done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
Oscar really should have stayed where he was.
He goes to bed early but it takes him a long time to get to sleep.
Charlie said that he wanted to do this.
Can't you see Charlie is dying?
I've got to make some calls.
The suspect began to confess at last.
Tommy is a little scared, isn't he?
Harry is helping us today, isn't he?
George is going to go fishing by himself.
He told me he was serious.
Everybody's in a hurry these days.
I didn't know how to react.
I didn't think Adam would mind.
There's no doubt about that.
It might be a bit big but this envelope will do just fine. It's better to be too big than too small.
What do you have planned for tomorrow?
Laur says that Jami is innocent.
They told us they knew the risks.
She said that she feels good.
I really do want to help her.
They got almost everything they needed.
How many times have James and Mary gone camping?
Where did he buy all these?
OK, try again.
Jacob is a famous cook.
Tommy has been seeing a psychiatrist three times a week.
I had a meal prepared for you.
I just love basketball.
Jami knows Margaret better than anyone else does.
Charlie ran down the deserted road.
Adam knows how to get things done.
I know that Harry is right.
I wonder whether Alex and Margaret were arrested.
Give me a little more water.
I was hoping for something a little more useful.
Joe and Monica want you to ask them to your party.
I'll tell Catherine what needs to be done the next time I talk to her.
William isn't very good at singing.
Silence has strength.
Charlie answered all the questions that Julia asked him.
You know I don't mind.
Charlie was promoted to a colonel.
Mary wasn't able to do everything we asked her to do.
I don't think Jacob and Margaret know exactly what they ought to do.
Dan confessed everything to the police.
It was clear that Jack didn't want to leave.
There's no chance of winning.
She phoned him as soon as she got home.
All but she answered the question.
The surgery is very expensive.
Adam was the one who suggested I do that.
Harry and I are both able to speak French.
I thought Muhammad wouldn't sing.
Go where you will, you can't hope for success without effort.
I don't go to the dentist as often as I should.
She thinks I'm stupid.
I'm not certain Oliver is the one who stole my bicycle.
They had plans to be married.
Don't you think we can help Charlie?
Joe wanted to do that by himself.
Young people have new ideas very often.
Have they gone?
I don't think that it's fair.
Do you think William still remembers how to do that?
You know, I've never been to your house.
Please don't leave me with him.
William did a lot for us, but he could've done much more.
I met Harry in the library on Monday.
The guards found Dan's cell empty.
We hope that you will succeed.
That's right, they've been late twice already.
The master's will be easier.
Sometimes these things happen for a reason.
Eva told me she didn't like dogs.
Jacob knows more.
Do you want to grab something to eat?
Muhammad has been to Boston once.
I wonder if I should trust my instincts.
He didn't need to stay, but he did.
It wasn't easy to find Oliver's office.
Is there any place that could help me even slightly?
No one ever saw such a thing.
This is the very book I have been looking for.
But the farmer was kind to him and taught him a lot.
Everything sucks.
That isn't it.
Stay strong.
I considered that.
Tommy said that I ought to study French.
Oscar led the way into the cave.
You're not listening, are you?
I didn't know that Oliver could write Chinese so well.
I felt lucky.
There are long turns.
She has two sons, I believe.
You weren't very interested in doing that, were you?
The boys are all of an age.
I shouldn't have let Tommy and Alice do that.
Your parents are here to pick you up.
They said that they felt vulnerable.
Jami likes to party.
They're planning to visit the city late this afternoon.
I think Oscar understands all that.
I heard that Oscar has come back to Australia for Christmas.
I left the building before James did.
I am taking a rest in my car.
I would do that at once if I were you.
James and Monica are celebrating.
I think you're strong enough.
No?
Now move over.
We accused him of having stolen the bike.
George and Julia won't visit Boston.
Can you tell us what you're wearing?
The bank is trying to take Harry's house away.
I know that Jacob knows that Valentina shouldn't do that.
I could invite Joe over for dinner.
William and Monica want us to help them today.
I'm willing to buy that for you.
My mother asked me if I could fetch some milk.
Jami couldn't believe that Lucy had tricked him.
James hit the ball over the fence.
Joe says he'd rather go home.
I never want to see Jami again.
Let's not hide it.
George has been coming here a lot lately.
Adam stayed home by himself.
I don't want to be the one to do that.
I'll ask my sister to pick you up at the station.
What is it like to be innocent?
Am I supposed to trust you now?
Your dog is over there.
Charlie wasn't interested in learning how to cook Chinese food. He just wanted to eat it.
Eva didn't take her shoes off.
It makes a difference to us whether it rains tomorrow.
Lucy should tell Harry what she needs to buy.
You know something about it, right?
Jack said he needed a day or two to think about it.
We broke up and went our own ways.
Jami tried to play it cool.
Start at once, and you will catch the bus.
Oliver is clearing the garden.
Joe still hasn't gotten over the shock.
Muhammad said he thought that Julia had agreed to do that.
There's something I've got to show you.
The cost of the book is 4 dollars.
Joe says he's already paid.
You're sincere.
It was clear Jacob wasn't going to be able to keep Emma from doing that.
I can write what I want in my diary.
I told you, but you didn't pay attention.
Muhammad will kill Alice.
I can't relax for a second when the kids are home.
It is hard to love someone when you do not know whether he or she loves you as much as you love him or her.
My answer is still yes.
She looked down at her hands.
Too bad Jami and Alice aren't here to show us what to do.
There was nobody on the beach.
Can you pitch?
He is having lunch.
Photography was discovered in the 18th century.
This is the book I want to give my mother.
Are there a lot of tall buildings in Boston?
I feel cheated.
I'm used to this kind of heat.
Come here, you two.
To some extent I agree with you.
I shouldn't have borrowed Oliver's car.
We lost all of our money.
We have confidence in James.
I'll be with you right now.
I don't have enough to give everybody one.
What's the other option?
Harry said he's frightened.
Is your home quiet?
Charlie was so terrified.
We can't give up without a fight.
Somebody killed them.
What's going on with children these days?
That looks suspicious to me.
I know Jami is a doctor, but I don't know what kind of doctor.
Tommy was told that he ought to do that.
I don't think Harry will refuse to do that.
I didn't do that today.
I met an old student of mine in Australia.
Monica hurt her knee.
Try now, or you will be sorry for it later.
You don't have to sleep down here.
What you have in your heart is on your face.
Don't tell me you actually believe this nonsense.
I thought James didn't win.
Did Oscar tell you what's going to happen?
God heard our prayers.
Charlie and Emma plan on going by themselves.
Melanie thinks that the situation is very bad.
I'd like to ask you about how to do that.
Did Lucy have any other children besides Jesus?
Did Tommy have any history of heart problems?
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
My father never talked about the war.
I want a complete report on my desk by 2:30.
I'll ask George to help me do that.
Would you please teach Alex how to do that?
That man left before I could get his name.
I would like to have some more tea.
Alex couldn't solve the puzzle.
Harry is very angry and I am, too.
William opened the bag.
We do everything as a team.
Mother is busy cooking and washing all day long.
I slept on the floor.
Are you from the bank?
We are having a good time.
Could you turn that down, please?
How many pictures do you plan on taking?
James didn't seem surprised when I told him Carmen didn't have to do that.
Didn't you know Tommy was married?
I also had a very good time.
Did you write this?
They told me they needed my help.
Please go to the next page.
James and I'll go to Australia with Catherine.
Were you born in Boston?
Jacob thought I might want to do that by myself.
That's real nice of you.
I wish I'd done the right thing.
Which do you prefer, spring or autumn?
George and Monica say that they can help us today.
There is a risk for rain tomorrow.
I think we should change the subject.
Are you sure you don't want to come with me to get a cup of coffee?
William didn't know how many of them needed help.
Joe tried to hide a smile.
"You probably wouldn't like going camping with me." "You're wrong. In fact, I think I'd like that very much."
I require absolute loyalty from all my employees.
Charlie and I danced together all evening.
I thought that I wouldn't find you.
I've never seen a plane fly over this island.
This jacket is too big for me.
It must've been love.
Summer is almost here.
It seems strange.
Come back to Chicago.
You can't stop someone from lying to you.
What are you thinking about?
I want to meet him.
Indeed God exists.
I like being alone, but not feeling like it.
We see the same side of the moon at all times.
Adam seemed to be afraid of something.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
James didn't want to spend Valentine's Day alone.
Oliver and Catherine don't fight as much as they used to.
I assume that you've asked Joe to tell Carmen what the situation is.
A man's body dies, but his deeds live forever.
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
What other option do I have?
Muhammad said that nobody else wanted to do that.
Jami will do whatever it takes.
Julia is always at home, isn't she?
I will establish myself as a lawyer.
They had to do everything themselves.
How's the water here?
Are you sure that Oscar really likes Catherine?
You promised that you'd help me.
He used his imagination.
Jack and Valentina got married.
The clock is slow.
James needed his parents' approval.
Just being together is enough for me.
I almost never kiss my children anymore.
We know the value of good health when we are sick.
William said nobody was hurt.
Can you lend me $20? I'll pay you back next Monday.
Suppose you are talking to your friend.
My legs failed me then.
This is the hotel where we stayed last year.
He promised he wouldn't do that.
Oliver and Susie have no close friends they can talk to about that.
We all suspect him of murder.
We have no idea why Harry and Carmen do that.
It's all been a waste.
Joe asked me where Mary lived.
Is it OK not to do that?
Alex took a book off the shelf.
I'm not like her.
Do you think Jack will be able to help us?
Olivia says she won't tell Alex to do that.
Both flowers with the same value.
I noticed that she had worn a new hat.
We have a huge problem: the lack of money.
Come on, let's get a drink.
They are at lunch.
Jami and Julia denied that they said that.
Would you mind helping me a bit?
The soup is frozen.
Oliver and Valentina are expecting John to do that.
I go home at 6 p.m..
My parents won't let me go out with boys.
You won't believe how much money Adam gave me for my old car.
All agree with you.
Were you planning something special?
Joe and I were living in Boston in 2013.
I didn't do what I'm being punished for.
It's been a long time since I've eaten Mexican food.
I owe you nothing.
What could be out there?
Shut up, you idiot!
He's allergic to cats.
James and Valentina admitted they weren't actually the ones who did that.
Maybe William has other plans.
This is exactly what James said he wanted.
Do any of you know them?
She put her room in order.
Harry kept silent about his crime for years.
That's the reason we got divorced.
Everything's so cheap.
We sail tomorrow.
He never loses his curiosity; he is, as it were, an eternal youth.
But I don't have money.
I heard that Joe has married a very wealthy woman.
I'm sorry, I love you.
James told Eva that he was confused.
I didn't know about that.
I don't think anybody has ever done this before.
Let's hope Jacob is still available.
I like the tennis more than the soccer.
Margaret phoned to say she'll be late.
The train headed for the station.
I'm using tools.
I won't be playing tennis with Joe anymore.
Harry and I like the same kind of food.
When she was young, she was very popular.
I know Joe is a really bad driver.
The house is not occupied now.
We're still the best.
Do I really need to be at the meeting this afternoon?
I've been practicing.
Have you picked out a name yet for the baby?
Muhammad never denied that he was the one who did that.
She wanted to talk to her children.
James is back doing what he used to do.
I wonder whether I really needed to do that.
We ran for 10 kilometers.
You taught me that.
He said that he's alone.
Sometimes, I imagine a world in which there is no computer, and no Internet.
George thought that it would be difficult for Monica to get a ticket to that concert.
I panicked.
Alice said her schedule would change.
That is your last chance to take back your words!
Jami and Julia said that they were feeling tired.
I know that Oliver isn't a very strong guy.
I'd like to be alone for a few minutes please.
I almost forgot to tell Alex what day the concert was.
The players ran off the pitch and had a meeting during half-time.
I don't think I have one of those.
We'll try not to get in your way.
I drink wine every day.
A healthy child can no more sit still than a puppy can.
She said that she didn't do it.
All the students are fed up with his lecture.
I'll leave you two alone.
As long as you don't tell Muhammad where it is, I'm sure he won't find it.
How did you guys end up in Boston?
The tea will be served at 4 p.m.
What do you want to learn?
She got him to drive.
How are you making out?
I may have made a mistake.
I knew that Charlie would really do that by himself.
Is it too late to say I'm sorry?
He woke Jami up.
What did you see in London?
Did anyone laugh?
I want to rent a house close to where I work.
I'm a Harvard graduate.
You worry too much.
This is the only way out.
I'm going to drink a beer.
Men sometimes cry, too.
I'll never forget the look on Oliver's face when I told him he had gotten into Harvard.
He opened his eyes very wide.
Susie let Oscar drive her new car.
I can see why that caught your attention.
It had started to rain.
That's the last we saw of them.
We lost it.
She told him a joke, but he didn't think it was funny.
He almost forgot his money.
I didn't steal anything.
So they were not able to dream.
It shouldn't take us long to clean out the garage.
He couldn't understand the sentence.
I suspect Oscar can't understand French all that well.
I could not help laughing at his jokes.
I didn't give Tommy any details.
I think we're on the same page.
I'm waiting for a reply.
Can I come, too?
I'll accept it, but with one condition.
William and Eva looked over their shoulders.
I'm angry at you.
Would you want your daughter to marry a guy like me?
Judy isn't a good singer, is she?
Will you take the red pill or the blue pill?
He promised he won't do that.
It was very hard for me to find your apartment.
Charlie would never try to do something like that without our help.
I didn't know Jack and Carmen were jealous.
You helped them, didn't you?
Oliver and Susie didn't do that entirely on their own.
I'm convinced that we can finish this by tomorrow.
It almost never rains here.
Eat your heart out, Joe. Mary is coming with me.
He sees everything in terms of power.
He hurt his knee.
Adam and I aren't allowed to do that.
Jack is a racist.
Jami and I ate stew for dinner.
They wish they had larger offices.
I want to know who you gave your old washing machine to.
I didn't know you needed to do that today.
Your house is big.
Please drop in to see us next time you come to London.
I thought that you said that you were interested in doing that.
"Leave this room now." "Excuse me?" "I said leave this room." "Should I remind you that I'm a doctor and you're sitting in my practice?"
Olivia knew that she could do it.
James didn't go to school.
I'd like to see Tommy immediately.
I'm going for a bike ride. Want to come?
Muhammad and Alice's house isn't far from their office.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
Thanks for your support.
I still love him very much.
What could they possibly tell us that we don't already know?
Go easy on Bob. You know, he's been going though a rough period recently.
Muhammad asked Laur what she did last weekend.
Living costs have increased rapidly.
Emma said she felt tired.
I am tired of hearing that.
You know that Harry is a doctor, don't you?
I doubt that's what really happened.
Harry looks like he's up to no good.
I plan to break up with her.
Jacob promised he'd help us.
I think Harry wants me to go with him.
Please tell me what's going on.
No one except William agreed to do that.
George was in Boston last week, but I doubt he's still there.
I have to look for my pen.
How do you know that Tommy was the one who did this?
Jack has been taken to a hospital.
I broke a nail.
I ask myself the same question.
I find this hard to believe.
I promise I won't tell anyone that you're rich.
Oliver and Valentina are horrible.
If you get enough rest every night, you'll feel much better.
You'll need to go on a diet.
James wasn't watching TV when I got home.
I don't think Joe knows he's not supposed to do that.
Charlie never was very interesting.
George didn't think anyone would enjoy doing that.
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March 6 due to personal reasons.
It is my sad duty to tell you that Harry has passed away.
Tommy bought Anna a birthday present.
Jacob and Anna told me why they wanted me to do that for John.
I was convinced I didn't have to do that.
The situation is absolutely crazy.
I'll ask Adam if he can help me.
Has Adam ever asked you to help Lucy?
I don't think that Harry left early.
Your answer is important!
Do you actually like this?
It is up to the government to take action on violence.
I don't know why it's happening.
She described the suspect.
Joe and Anna are poor, aren't they?
I feel Joe and I are going to get better.
It was Jacob's fault.
George has already been told several times not to do that.
Harry was thinking of going to Boston.
Jacob and Valentina don't know what they'll do yet.
Muhammad and Monica think they're good-looking.
You know Tommy better than anyone.
You are exactly the person I am looking for.
They lied to you.
What kind of bird is this?
They're all waiting for you.
I assume you've already done that.
Alice wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Alex has to do a lot of things before noon.
I don't think that George knows what he's supposed to be doing.
The false alarm was caused by human error.
Jump!
I have a lot of photos.
This salad is really good.
Oscar and Monica are OK.
George was good at every sport he tried.
William said I should've left early.
Is dinner ready, Mom?
I don't want to see William get hurt.
This is a really good book!
He bought it for five dollars.
I finally got her on the phone.
I think I'll try a little harder next time.
You make everything fun.
Jami paid Eva.
Tommy and Alice say they cook well.
Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
Muhammad and I rarely do anything together.
This morning I have solved the problem, but maybe there are still further problems.
Just give her a call.
I want to know your telephone number.
They plan to go by themselves.
I hope Jacob gets here on time.
You were right about everything.
Is that a threat?
Alex is a pretty hard guy to impress.
Would you like to live forever?
I didn't know you could do that that well.
How much are they paying you?
Is Muhammad still able to do that?
I have some gifts for you.
Monica told me where she was planning to do that.
He doesn't show any interest in science.
I know how I can help.
Let's talk in the study where it's quiet.
Jacob said that he wouldn't like to do that by himself.
Oliver looked back on his life and wondered if he'd actually accomplished anything.
Charlie went to Boston for a funeral.
Joe could sell anything to anyone.
I'm going to do whatever you ask me to do.
I'm glad your team won the game.
I may have to visit Boston next Monday.
Jami thought that Mary didn't want to swim.
Oscar understood what that meant.
We've done a lot of work around here.
She proposed giving a party.
Jami answered the question correctly.
I always do things the same old way.
Ok, very good.
It isn't real.
We can't be surprised, you could see it coming.
That man's helped my family a lot.
The one who said that is a liar.
They admitted that they were broke.
I grew up in this city.
I'll be staying at least until next Monday.
I've tried to get along with her, but it's impossible.
You didn't know that Harry wasn't supposed to help Emma do that, did you?
Carmen said she might not study French anymore.
I'm not going if you don't invite Adam, too.
I know that you'll do what needs to be done.
It isn't how it seems.
You're supposed to be there now, aren't you?
Somebody is or was here.
I doubt that many people will be there.
I think Oliver found a new job.
He said that he was wrong.
Didn't you study history at school?
The problem here isn't him.
This type of thing happens quite often.
He built on his father's fortune.
Everyone but George laughed.
Oliver is a complete failure as a father.
I think she really likes William.
Who did Eva think would pay her bills for her?
George and Olivia told John that they were innocent.
Eva told Charlie she didn't cry.
Harry sent us Christmas gifts.
It turned out everybody in the party was a vampire.
Alex wondered why Laur needed to do that.
It's about time we brought this party to an end, isn't it?
This is the 66.666th Spanish sentence.
Ask Jami when he gets back.
When do you think Joe and Lucy are going to get here?
It seems like you don't know what to do.
I hope Jami and Monica did what you told them to do.
I feel better than ever.
How many times a year do you go to Australia?
I didn't realize that Harry and Emma were lying.
The beautiful of that country is beyond description.
I didn't really do anything.
William doesn't want to drink a thing.
Adam's neck was broken.
Alex must have cried.
We must not give up.
Julia couldn't control herself when she saw Alex kissing Alice.
Who did Oscar contact?
Ten years have passed.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I get my ticket.
I'm a childhood friend of James's.
It's not Joe's.
We have to get Harry's keys.
Doing that was quite hard.
Monica was sitting at her desk the last time I saw her.
Alex said that Alice didn't think John would do that to you.
Jami is uncomfortable.
Tommy didn't quite trust Julia.
I know it's an amazing feeling.
Harry is a bit shorter than I am.
I found one.
It wasn't me who told James that.
In spite of his tight schedule, Oliver always has time to spend with his children.
Is there anybody left?
They said the cold didn't bother them.
The results are negative.
He added up the figures.
There is only a poor market for silk now.
I wonder if I'll really be able to do that by myself.
Oliver knew that Susie didn't plan on staying in Australia much longer.
I wonder who Adam thinks is going to do that.
I sometimes look back on the good days I had in London.
We want him to say yes.
We are giving them a bit.
This kind of cat doesn't have a tail.
Oscar told Valentina what had happened.
How rich are James and Lucy?
I arrived at the bus stop just after the bus left.
Put your bag in the trunk.
Charlie is wet behind the ears.
William wasn't the one who convinced Eva to show John how to do that.
He was delicate as a child.
James begged Valentina not to do that.
I know that Harry is a bad loser.
Do you really want to wear that?
The world today needs to advance its production of food.
I didn't want to insult George.
They told us they wanted to call off the mission.
Can Muhammad be in Australia on Monday?
Muhammad is an active boy, isn't he?
I have a watch just like the one Muhammad has.
Muhammad shot Carmen in the head.
I got the news from a reliable source.
I have a package here for her.
I knew Oliver wouldn't be able to find a job in Boston.
Adam ran out of food.
I thought that something was strange.
Julia met an American and went with him to the States.
He failed to do what he said.
How many of you are there now?
Jami went nuts.
James and Laur thought they were going to be shot.
Tommy has gone crazy.
Do you feel responsible?
I met her late that evening.
Come on, I'll give you a ride home.
It's in terminal 1.
He did it at his own risk.
When you see William, you'll understand.
I didn't think that we were ready.
I'm not certain what time I'm supposed to be there.
William has a doctor's appointment tomorrow morning.
I know Oscar knew that I was planning to do that.
Is that really what William is doing?
Adam said that Emma was likely to be here tomorrow.
I was lying to you.
Adam made mistakes.
What a strange country!
It's too bad that you won't be able to take a holiday this year!
Do you want to drink something?
When did you realize that?
You're my brother and I love you.
I'm getting no reception here.
Jack is sitting in the passenger seat.
Nobody can stop her.
I didn't know James would have to do that.
Are you bald?
Jacob isn't going to be here to do that.
What more do I need?
Your life is in danger.
You wanted to get your hands on Muhammad's money.
She's lucky nobody saw her do that.
Please put this in a safe place.
Did Charlie tell you how much he likes swimming?
James couldn't have made this by himself.
Harry didn't look dangerous at all.
Muhammad is a good football player.
Tell William what you think we ought to do.
My plan is perfect, I think.
I know Charlie knows we shouldn't do that here.
Please tell Jack to leave.
Monica doesn't want to do that herself.
Jack often tells jokes.
It's a true story.
They said that they're lonely.
Charlie is likely to still be in his office.
He helped me carry the chair.
I can't believe no one was injured.
When I got back, I found my car missing.
I'm happy with my girlfriend.
I can't believe you really have to do that.
Mother is very busy just now.
It looks like Susie is drunk again.
Make sure that you do that by yourself.
I did that all the time when I lived in Australia.
Don't get yourself killed.
She couldn't help but cry.
Did you not read what I wrote?
The case was dropped.
We're fine now.
Don't change!
Oliver probably shouldn't have bought what he bought.
Muhammad ate twice as much as Emma ate.
I forgot to write to my parents.
Joe arrived shortly after 10 o'clock.
Are you going to cooperate?
She gave him a slap in the face.
George was sure Mary knew she needed to do that.
Laur told me that she was already married.
James doesn't need to come if he doesn't want to.
She seemed to be avoiding him.
Jacob and Laur told me that they felt hungry.
Jacob told me he thought Valentina was better at French than he was.
We hope it doesn't happen again.
Tommy and Monica said that they're not hungry.
Ten to one he will get married to her.
In addition to Chinese, my aunt can speak English.
There is a page missing from this report.
Don't you ever get tired?
It's your responsibility.
It doesn't sound like I will get any rest.
I don't speak with Oscar.
Do you have a knife that I could borrow?
No one had an answer.
It's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
What were the main points of Oscar's speech?
You aren't alone anymore, Muhammad.
We must create a safe environment for our children.
It's a pity that we didn't visit Jacob when we had the opportunity.
Alex refused to accept the gift from Emma.
How many years ago did that happen?
I didn't want anyone to see my painting until it was done.
Susie doesn't believe she can do that.
The race was a photo finish.
I have to go to college.
I wonder whether I forgot to tell George and Valentina they were supposed to do that.
She is fond of cake.
I don't want her to forget me.
I'm sure Alex would be very interested in what you have to say.
Is that all Muhammad and Lucy do?
Stir once every fifteen minutes.
I tried to find her.
Don't feed the dog!
Alex said he didn't want me to win.
Everything points to his guilt.
That was a bad suggestion, wasn't it?
Although the man's ideas are sound, because he can't express them well, he doesn't have a ghost of a chance of getting them accepted.
He survived being struck by lightning.
The water ran over the banks.
They are going to get married in the town hall.
Your T-shirt will dry soon.
It doesn't matter how smart you are. If you don't work hard, you'll never succeed.
That book over there is mine.
They told me that they weren't afraid.
Jack said that he couldn't do that.
Joe said that he thought Olivia might not have to do that.
They were very angry, weren't they?
Even though she is seeing someone else, I won't give her up.
We were back to square one.
I can't speak my mind.
Charlie and Margaret say they don't have health insurance.
Jami warned Anna not to eat anything John made.
I suspect Oscar won't help Olivia do that anymore.
How come you have not started yet after a day.
Let's make this quick.
Did you ever kiss Harry?
We're worse off now than before.
I won hands down.
The pigs aren't in the pen.
Jami didn't want to wait.
Emma said doing that cost more money than she expected.
Oscar thought Susie might not be required to do that.
I took George's umbrella without meaning to.
Maybe they're happy.
What should we do with this?
Today is a very exciting day.
Give me two black shirts.
How should he look like?
She told me she's afraid to do that.
Oliver would never go to Boston by bus.
What do you feel like doing?
She gave him a big kiss.
As a child, I’d only wear trousers.
I didn't rob any bank.
You have one hour.
She loves trying new things.
I want everything that's not working fixed.
The story can't be true.
Do you think Alex was bored?
I need forty dollars.
We accepted him with our arms open wide.
Money is the measure of worth.
I was young and naive at that time.
I know that William didn't know Olivia was the one who was supposed to do that.
They told me they should do that.
The fire quickly spread.
Jacob told Catherine that she should quit pretending to be single.
I think we need William.
I'll just get my keys.
Jacob and Margaret weren't listening to music.
I doubt Tommy will get here on time.
Some people say Harry is stupid, but I think he's pretty smart.
Muhammad and Susie said that they're not likely to do that.
Do not put this wet towel into the bag.
How many days do you think it would take to ride a bicycle from Boston to Chicago?
I knew you'd like Australia.
I can do it right now if you want me to.
How will you feel when Muhammad is gone?
I finished reading the book.
Does it ultimately matter?
I know that you're having trouble in French class.
How do we do it?
The police arrested Joe because he looked a little like the suspect.
Alex started singing and everybody joined in.
"What is the time?" "It is twenty minutes to three."
They don't have any money.
Joe looks really good to me.
Are you still willing to help?
I think Oscar was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
Alex and Laur plan on doing that by themselves.
Alex did Carmen a favor.
I've seen you dance.
Tommy decided Anna was the one who should do that.
Muhammad said he didn't know why Julia didn't enjoy the movie.
I am used to not to smoke.
How can it be?
Did I give you that impression?
Adam is convinced everybody hates him.
Maybe Jack wants to do that.
Olivia says she doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
I'm dying of hunger! I haven't eaten anything in three days.
I know that I'll be able to do that today.
The total came to ten dollars.
We were on the train for ten hours.
I hope you'll join us.
The only reason I got blamed was that the boss needed someone to blame.
That isn't exactly the way I wanted to do that.
He's not a saint. He just looks like one.
Tell George when Mary will be back.
Japan has a lot of beautiful mountains.
I earned it.
Alex didn't sleep at all.
George and Olivia did exactly what we wanted them to do.
Oscar is going to study French tomorrow.
Everyone ran for cover.
Jami wasn't an easy person to get along with.
Have you told them you're here?
Jacob said he'll stay where he is until 2:30.
Is there anything you want me to burn?
Did you read this?
Is there anything you want to buy?
Wasn't it enough?
Margaret is charming.
Catherine can't make herself understood in French.
We finally agree on something.
Jacob plans to live in Boston for over a year.
It came to rain toward evening.
Oliver and I used to watch movies together.
Let me tell you something strange.
I think that won't be easy to do.
Harry apparently didn't want to go to Anna and John's wedding.
I'll take care of the dog while you are out.
He's a senior.
Tell me everywhere you've been.
She admitted she was nervous.
When are you asking him to have dinner?
I want to be in Boston.
There's someone behind us.
Don't you want one?
Alex is going to go to bed early tonight.
We've already discussed it.
I like singing with Adam.
George and Catherine said they didn't have any idea what John would do.
What time did you get to sleep?
I pushed Alex into the water.
When I woke up, the day was breaking.
Do you want to go for a swim?
Oliver is an awkward kid.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
My mother does not speak English.
They all did it.
Harry and Margaret say they're almost ready to leave.
I know Jack isn't telling the truth.
I thought would be a great idea.
Did you give the food to the cat?
I have no problem sharing my room with you.
They said they were at home.
I did that once already.
I don't really care one way or another.
I only need one.
Harry wore his Halloween costume to school.
Charlie told me that he'd be late.
Charlie and Carmen have a close friendship.
Julia sold her car.
I don't like watching tennis with people who don't know anything about tennis.
Don't even talk to me.
Adam is free to leave if he wants to.
You're always laughing.
I asked James why he liked Boston.
I sent her a text message.
I want to know who killed James.
The snake shed its skin.
In my opinion, Anna had the best companion quest, followed by Drake.
Oliver didn't know that Julia would swim.
I'm thinking about getting married.
Jack and Julia became dancers even though their parents didn't want them to.
My parents never allow me to do anything.
William said that he thought Laur would be in Australia for three weeks.
I hope it's not too late.
I don't have enough money to buy food for everybody.
I almost feel bad for Jack.
All I need is a break.
I'll call you a cab.
It's quite unlikely Oscar will want to do that.
Oliver and Lucy didn't tell John they didn't intend to do that.
If you do anything at all, you must do your best.
He was told he couldn't win.
Are you helping him?
The bear was walking along the river bank.
I don't think Harry will do that for you.
Joe is a lot better French speaker than I am.
I didn't have any good way of explaining it.
Lucy likes country music.
I can't even believe I'm doing this.
Do you really think James and Mary are upset?
He's too lazy to apply himself to anything.
Why would Jack insist that Monica do that for him?
Oliver drives a Ford.
Are you sure this place is safe?
Adam doesn't really want me to come.
That wasn't them.
I doubt Oliver really has to do that again.
I keep forgetting you don't really like me.
I thought she was my special friend.
Joe and Lucy are proud of their students.
I really like it here.
Tommy said I shouldn't do that until he got back.
That idea isn't good enough since it was you who said it.
She's such a loser.
I thought that you said that you wanted Jack to do that today.
What shall we do?
We don't want to create any new problems.
Please fix my toy.
Don't you remember my promise?
Women usually live longer than men.
That wasn't true.
I know you don't do that.
Muhammad will be back around 2:30.
What did Oscar think of your outfit?
I believe that I can do it.
Your girlfriend is younger than mine.
I wonder whether Oscar knows that Emma can't do that.
I don't plan to go to Boston with Muhammad.
Never has a teacher called me that.
Everyone respects Jacob.
Adam is chatting with his friends in front of the school.
I need to figure out what needs to be done.
The rumors about their divorce are getting around.
James considered working for our company, but decided not to.
George desperately needs to find a job.
Stick your hands up!
Oliver has been shot three times.
Life is fascinating; you just have to look at it through the right glasses.
Charlie made up his mind to try again.
I can't let myself think that.
Speaking English is difficult.
Oscar and Valentina said they'd come to the wedding.
Do you know how that looks?
Joe says he's not the one who did that.
They said that they were unable to win.
The car passed by, raising a cloud of dust behind it.
He wasn't exactly boyfriend material.
Cut, wash and dry, please.
The box, which I had found was empty.
Alex and Alice planned on doing that by themselves.
She's wearing an orange dress.
I don't know what you think is going on here.
I thought that you said that you weren't coming today.
I was a bad student.
He lost his balance and fell.
Don't you want to say anything about that?
When do Oliver and Carmen need it?
Her speech moved the audience.
You should let Jami know that you don't have to do that.
Just tell me what Tommy wants.
I haven't seen one of those in over three years.
Tell us how you did that.
I thought that Tommy would be at today's meeting.
I never do anything embarrassing.
It'll be easy for Tommy to do that.
Jacob didn't think Monica's idea was a very good one.
I wonder whether Jacob is finished or not.
Why don't the police arrest Tommy?
I thought I had all the answers.
Tommy couldn't find what he needed.
Do you really think I was fooled?
Joe is a baseball player, isn't he?
We can count on Muhammad to do that.
Let's list all the reasons we need to do this.
Jack said that there was a good chance Anna would be late.
You should have bought a Teflon-coated pan.
She found a hair in her soup.
Must I come home now?
I hope the language doesn't die.
Muhammad and Eva told me that they bought these for you.
William doesn't like speaking in French and I don't either.
I don't think it's possible to do this without some help.
I don't believe much of what William says.
I'll tell Oscar all about it.
We'll help.
I hope Alex will wait for me.
I thought that this book was interesting.
We're giving Charlie an opportunity to do that.
Do you want to be a parent someday?
I don't want to suffer for no reason.
Some of these animals live in Europe.
How late can I ring?
Anna told me she didn't have very many friends.
Are you going to buy that dress you were looking at yesterday?
There's never enough time to do everything you want to do.
Can you do that or can't you?
I'll give it to him.
He was told he couldn't do that.
Tell me why Jami was fired.
Alex and Lucy said they'd be willing to do the cooking.
Muhammad isn't wet.
We'll try our best.
Perhaps you could point us in the right direction.
There are no obvious answers.
There's nothing to investigate.
Alex knew who Mary wanted to go to the dance with.
Charlie said that he couldn't sleep at all last night.
The article will be sent cash on delivery.
I don't think that Harry should go there by car.
I can't even believe Jacob isn't here.
It is easier to ask of the poor than of the rich.
He sat forward in his arm chair and spread out the documents upon his knees.
Alex is certain Emma will do that.
Last month they had a lot of rain in France.
Jim is in my black book.
Did you have a good time doing that?
I am absolutely sure of that.
I need to get there soon by any means.
Adam needs a taxi.
Jami showed his passport to the man at the gate.
There is a spoon here.
The money on the table isn't mine.
I don't think that this is enough.
Please speak slowly and clearly.
You eat too much.
I think James's plan is better than Eva's.
Jacob didn't tell Anna why he did that.
I thought you said you wanted me to do that.
It will rain tomorrow.
Charlie has never lived anywhere but Australia.
Oliver and Valentina like to go dancing with their friends.
You didn't tell Charlie why I wanted him to do that, did you?
I know that George hardly ever does that anymore.
Oscar said he wouldn't be willing to do that.
Jack said that he'd probably go shopping with Olivia on Monday.
I need you to back me up.
You won't believe what just happened!
Tell Oliver I'm not going to do that with him.
The door is open. I'll go and shut it.
Jami and Laur told me they wanted to teach French.
I've already said that I won't do that.
Aren't you going to warn Jami?
Jack used to be a good student.
I still haven't told Joe why I won't do that.
Joe says you don't want to go to Boston with us.
It was my destiny.
I'm learning French.
I know that Joe knew when I wanted to do that.
He does look lonely, doesn't he?
Oscar confessed that he was guilty.
In his father's house, every prince is great.
Oliver and Margaret can't go anywhere by themselves.
You promised to do that, but you didn't.
I'm sure that James doesn't want it.
What's your favorite song on this album?
Have you heard about what happened in Boston today?
I invited them to the party.
I demand that you give me my money back.
Did Joe forgive you?
I have a lot of ambition.
What kind of law does he practice?
This music is making me sleepy.
I was surprised that Jacob couldn't do that.
There's great danger.
All people are brothers and sisters to me.
Her skin is perfectly smooth.
Are Oscar and Eva scientists?
This journalist, whose article you were so interested in, is my neighbor.
Jami denied having been there.
Muhammad is usually right.
You can speak French, can't you?
I know Adam knows why I did that.
Oscar suggested that I accompany Susie to the party.
I'll get it back from them.
He promised he would do that.
George said that he wanted to ask us some questions.
Remember all the good times we had together?
I've been looking for it everywhere.
I think that Oscar got home by himself last Monday.
Can I sit with you?
It's very easy to become a member in this library.
James and Susie are very friendly.
That was a stupid question.
My head does hurt a little.
Susie said that she felt very lonely.
George is going to come to Australia this summer.
I can't accept this.
The food is very bad.
The speech made by the student was interesting.
Alex and Anna said that they weren't sure.
This cap belongs to me.
Harry tried to explain the situation to Catherine.
I was at the movies with my brother.
I think you could get Charlie to help you.
The dead did not dance. They had something better to do than that.
Rules are meant to be kept, not broken.
He stands for democracy.
Not everyone was that impressed.
I don't think that we've been helping Joe enough.
They admitted they left early.
George admitted that he was frightened.
Jack and Susie said they thought it would probably snow.
Has Oscar solved that problem yet?
I wish I had the guts to do that.
My foot fell asleep.
Next week I'll trouble myself to be back to the dentist.
Everybody needs a drink.
That was only a figure of speech.
I won't try to do that.
Have you found a job yet?
Don't blow out the candle.
Muhammad and I are planning to go to a movie together tomorrow.
She helped herself.
Why don't Charlie and Lucy want to go to Australia?
You went to Shanghai, right?
Although he said only one word, it cut her up badly.
Harry thinks it'll be OK.
Someone must have told him, but it wasn't me.
I fell asleep and I started snoring.
He let me use his computer.
I thought that you said you wanted to learn French.
I'm not in favor of this plan.
It could get worse.
Margaret is a very nice girl.
Harry should have done that last week.
Could we sit?
Jami's not breathing.
I think that Tommy would be worried if Laur didn't get home by 2:30 in the morning.
James must have seen where Monica went.
He would not give away his money for charity's sake.
Alex and Susie said that they're not yet thirty.
Come and get it.
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.
Jami is a hot-blooded individual.
The pen I'm holding now is not yours.
Charlie has a grown-up daughter.
Harry told me that he thought Emma was finished.
I told her to give up on that crazy thought.
I told Charlie I wouldn't do that for him.
He'll do what I tell him to do.
I prefer to call you a taxi.
For all I know, George could be right.
What do you want to eat this weekend?
Do you have to go to Boston?
Make sure you'll come.
I had no idea he was lying.
You know Charlie shouldn't do that, don't you?
James said that he knows one of Catherine's brothers.
He is right once in a blue moon.
I thought Jack was on vacation.
Joe and Mary play tennis every day.
I spent the next day similar to the last.
Do you care if the beans are cold?
I'll sleep on the couch tonight.
Muhammad told me that he didn't like beer.
We're all scared of them.
Oliver doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
I thought that you wanted this.
I'll consult with him.
It was really a lot of fun.
Days are longer than nights.
I didn't think that was funny.
Oliver said that he didn't believe Alice could do that without some help.
Tell me your name, honey!
James has to do a bit of shopping.
Have you ever seen George and Susie in the same room together?
There's nothing more to discuss.
You are the great love of my life.
You don't need to suffer in silence.
I'll wait as long as you need me to.
We aren't safe here.
Catherine said she doesn't want to do that by herself.
It's such a beautiful flower.
We got there late because the hotel was so laid back.
James probably shouldn't do that today.
Are you going to tell her?
This is especially true in Boston.
Will you help me translate this?
I'd like to stay for one night.
Harry always thinks he's right.
Jack said that Monica can't eat pork.
Do you like insects?
George could make you do that, but I doubt if he will.
I hope you suffer as much as we did.
I'll make Joe understand.
I happen to know a lot more about this than you might think.
My son took an early interest in politics.
Jacob drank a shot of whiskey.
Alex didn't stand a chance.
I had a good time doing that.
I knew we should've stayed in Australia.
I thought that James might be the only one who knew what Eva wanted to do.
This is the place where Oliver usually does that.
Are you sure you want to be here?
Jack wasn't the one who broke the window.
William said that he's better at doing that than Carmen is.
I'm excited about tomorrow's picnic.
I've finally gotten used to living here.
I know that William knows that Lucy should do that.
I plan to go back to Boston.
I don't think that's what people really think that.
What's a "blow dry bar"?
Profit is better than fame.
Joe says he didn't plan on going home early.
James doesn't know who Carmen is planning to stay with.
It didn't happen all at once.
She heard him scream.
The opposite of peace is war.
If we don't trust each other, we won't be able to live together.
Jami and Lucy didn't pay their share.
Jack was shot in his chest.
The weather is as nice as nice can be.
Jacob blamed Emma for the problem.
I wonder why Jami and Olivia don't need to do that.
We waited a long time, but she didn't show up.
Alex likes going for walks.
I got my leg hurt in the accident.
Harry left the door open.
Adam is the one who gave Carmen a black eye.
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.
You are a pain in my neck!
She made a name for herself as a singer.
Last night I had a strange dream.
The alarm sounded.
Jami hasn't yet moved out of his apartment.
I'll be back to see you tomorrow.
And what do you want from me in return?
I don't have the time for reading this book.
I didn't let Oscar know that I was coming.
Sure. Right away.
He had one of his socks on inside out.
Everyone escaped.
Joe was home alone at the time.
James and Eva probably don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
You've always had an advantage.
That teacher didn't deserve what we were doing to her.
Don't you see what it means?
Jacob says if you do that, Susie will probably yell at you.
I caught three fish today.
Three homes were completely destroyed.
I wonder whether Tommy is alive or not.
Eva waited till the child goes off.
Who else might've done that?
Emma said that she won't win.
Jami must have been scared to death.
She was riding her bike.
He asked if he could speak French.
It is almost three.
Are you responsible for this mess?
She's a fashion designer.
What do you have under the hat?
How about for tomorrow?
What you say may be true...
I suspect Alex didn't do what you said he did.
I'm not going to Spain on holiday.
Charlie said Susie was glad she did that.
You're usually as tough as nails.
Jack is the killer.
The beginning of the story was interesting.
She loves to gossip.
I heard Oliver scream.
Everybody has to be somewhere.
William doesn't want to go to the party.
Mix three eggs and a cup of sugar.
I don't like the way he talks.
Anna said she didn't want to go drinking with us.
He said he needed a rest.
Jami can't whistle.
He owes much of his success to his wife.
Laur could get hurt if she did that.
You went to Boston, right?
She just laughed the matter off.
You told me that you were in Australia last summer.
There was no one in the shop to wait on me.
Oscar wears a wig, doesn't he?
I know that Alex is afraid to go outside.
This joke is not funny.
The fighting lasted about three months.
That gave me a rough idea.
They'd do that if they had time.
I'm in a really good mood.
Does this look OK to you?
Where can I find a shuttle bus?
Adam has already gone to work.
How did you know Oscar was born in Boston?
They kept their distance.
Jami and Alice must pay what they owe.
Perhaps Joe can do that.
James is studying in the library now.
Alex and Susie are older than John.
I don't really see that happening.
Have you ever been to Germany?
I don't have what you're looking for.
William didn't have much time to finish his homework.
I thought you might be out of breath.
I want you all to know that I don't understand French very well.
I'll stay with you a while longer.
You're the only one working here who can speak French, aren't you?
What do you like to do on weekends?
I don't like this book.
William and Eva told me they'd been busy.
Just let me handle this.
The paper is too big for the envelope.
It's useless to talk to her. She won't listen to you.
She has a tight schedule.
I know what this is about.
They probably don't know anything about it.
We work daily.
She wouldn't let me in her room.
I started doing that three years ago.
I thought you'd want to go to Boston with James.
What time do you usually go to bed?
Mary was sure she'd find another job.
I don't want to spend all day at the zoo.
The function was canceled.
George was in a fight last night and lost a few teeth.
This knife is not at all sharp.
Harry came in.
I'm getting real comfortable.
She lives near here, doesn't she?
Everyone but James knew that he didn't have to do that.
Joe said Alice was coming over for dinner.
Tommy is still having trouble with Catherine.
Harry and I haven't spoken to each other in a long time.
I want you to find out if Oliver is planning on coming here by himself.
There's only one way to find out how to do that. Ask Jack.
His humor is very dry.
I thought that Harry was going to faint.
How did you wind up here?
I have information for them.
I don't know how many brothers and sisters Charlie and Mary have.
Julia pretended that she couldn't speak French.
Do people ever accuse you of being rude?
It is certain that Jim stayed at home that day.
We're building a bridge.
I suspected Charlie didn't really want to go to Australia.
Charlie is supposed to be arriving today.
Move a little!
I know Adam knows he shouldn't be doing that.
I came to wish you good luck.
What wonderful news!
I'm from the FBI.
We haven't got much time.
Who's going to stop you?
Give me a bottle of water.
She's a real expert.
I thought that Jami would go to Australia with Margaret.
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.
It isn't like you knew what they were going to do.
Adam has more secrets than I thought.
You're the only one who can help Joe.
Do you want to help me here?
I don't smoke.
William always feels hungry at least one hour before lunch.
He'll be married next Sunday.
It is important to stress that the consequences are not the same.
I won't be here for more than two or three hours.
They all looked for the lost child.
There were once a man and a woman who had long in vain wished for a child.
Why does the US government let people have guns?
I knew that I could beat Oscar.
I am going to America by plane.
Who did William say was going to go to Australia with Margaret?
William thinks doing that would be a very bad idea.
The voting continued.
I haven't paid the bill yet.
Why do people do such stupid things?
I usually got to bed about eleven.
You're way younger than I am, aren't you?
We'd better go help them.
I called him yesterday.
I believe he is going to be rich one day.
Jack had to swallow the frog.
Joe doesn't know what Catherine needs to do.
It will not be long before spring comes.
I think you should work a little harder.
Alex suggested we go to Australia together.
Julia said she wished she could speak French better.
Oliver found Anna's story hard to believe.
Jami is pretty weak.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
I can't find the light switch.
I was the last one to fall asleep.
George turned right on Park Street.
May I borrow this chair?
Charlie paid me three hundred dollars to do that for him.
Oliver doesn't understand Susie at all.
Some people might assume that.
I think it would be difficult to do that.
George didn't need to ask for help.
I was under a lot of pressure.
Robert comes to visit me every now and then.
She always drinks her coffee strong.
Let's go somewhere private.
She looks like she's ready to cry.
Is there a company board?
Are you looking for Oscar?
Can I go out and play?
She said she regrets doing that.
They decided not to go by themselves.
I don't think William ever really loved me.
I hope you've had a great day!
Harry sat in the front passenger seat.
Maybe Adam is meant to be here.
How well Tony can play tennis!
I know Joe will refuse to do that.
Muhammad was the engineer in charge.
We often have unusual weather these days.
I didn't know I should do that.
James should be the captain of our team.
I don't think Jacob noticed Eva was crying.
This painting was very expensive.
Jami took a long time to get ready.
Strange to say, the figure went out of sight suddenly.
Jami is organized, isn't he?
That was the first time I'd ever seen Jack dance.
I think William was lying to you.
Jami wasn't in Australia.
You're the one I want to go to Boston with.
I can't sing as well as you can.
Harry said that Anna did that.
We can't take a chance.
Carmen lives with her parents.
Charlie and I both work only three days a week.
Does Joe have one?
George and Valentina told me they were grateful.
I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
He was at the party, wasn't he?
Please watch this movie.
Adam didn't get dizzy.
Ever since Joe passed away, things haven't been the same.
Did you go anywhere yesterday?
Am I bothering you?
I didn't have lunch.
In fact, I don't know.
I don't think that Tommy knows where Eva usually goes shopping.
This is the friend to whom I gave the key.
We adopted Oliver when he was three.
The car is too expensive for me to buy.
All her money went to her nephew.
I think Carmen could do better if she tried harder.
What exactly are you asking us to do?
Monica says she isn't ready to do that.
Jacob wants to marry Marie.
Tommy didn't think too much about that.
No more chatting!
Oscar will do that for you if you want him to.
They say that they don't like children.
Ask Jami to stay a while.
Every effort he makes falls short in the eyes of his father.
I heard my name called in the crowd.
She loves cats.
Mary said that she was going to work.
I thought I'd be able to do that for George.
I'm not allowed to swear at my computer.
It's on the first floor of that building.
Wouldn't that be great?
He hurt himself trying to do that.
The legal costs set him back something in the order of £9,000.
Oliver won't even look at Margaret.
In other words, I don't like working with him.
Do you think Jami has enough money to buy that?
Do you want my phone number?
It was too difficult for me.
I'd like you to talk to Charlie.
This could be interesting.
Harry asked Alice how many people had come to her party.
Many people believe that isn't going to happen.
I need a nurse now.
That's so you.
William promised to meet me last night, but he never showed up.
I hope we have a white Christmas.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that with Oliver.
I asked James if I could hold his hand.
I must work hard to make up for lost time.
This comes as a surprise.
Why don't we go to Adam's and see how he is?
Oliver said that he thought Lucy understood French.
Just don't wait too long.
This is something I'm gonna have to think about.
I can't believe you actually read the book.
You had better not read this book.
Oliver and Margaret are both at home, aren't they?
None of us will go to Australia with Joe.
Oscar doesn't care one way or the other.
I could not visit today because of my illness.
Often does a woman change her heart, mad be the man who will trust her.
That wasn't difficult.
Were Charlie and Margaret in history class today?
I'm not sure George is going to be there.
I'm going to need your help if I'm going to finish this on time.
"Which one do you want?" "That one."
He received three ships from the Queen.
How much gas is left in the tank?
They probably saw our ship come into port.
He studied hard in order to pass the test.
Anyone who has made a promise should keep it.
I don't think this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
Adam said that Catherine thought that she might not need to do that.
I searched all over for them.
I need to be alone for a while.
It's not difficult to learn Dutch.
The animals in the forest died off.
I can't think of any other plan.
You're Jack, aren't you?
He always speaks only of his own people, his own language, his own history and his own culture.
They said that they didn't plan on going together.
I'd like to swim in this river.
Jack and Susie have decided not to come.
I wanted to tell you how sorry I am.
Ken is so busy that he can't come.
I don't think Jacob and Carmen are satisfied.
I need you by my side.
Alex made me promise not to tell Lucy about what happened.
Jack didn't trust anybody and nobody trusted Jack.
Give us a call when you arrive.
I don't remember asking George to do that.
I was keen on classical music in my school days.
Would it bother you if I told you that I started a business with my ex?
Charlie had a similar reaction.
Jacob and Margaret said they're not going to help us do that.
James and Olivia don't love each other anymore.
Jami and I did our best to help Monica do everything that needed to be done.
Oliver was killed in a traffic accident last winter.
You said give it to them.
They weren't wearing their wedding rings.
The worst thing happened.
We saw the children playing.
William and Mary are going to have a lot of fun.
Oliver still doesn't know what he needs to do.
I know that Joe knows I'll never be able to do that.
Jack and I are married, but not to each other.
Harry and Eva answered all the questions that John asked them.
Jami and Mary asked me if I'd go to the beach with them.
James hasn't found a good job yet.
I prefer spring to autumn.
Where do you not want to go?
You're gross!
I didn't like being separated from my wife and children.
The team was quite nervous before the game.
I had a good time when I was in Australia.
All the good seats were already taken.
Did you understand them?
I thought that you said that you wanted me to buy that for you.
Muhammad's offer was refused.
Jami and Catherine said that they'd do that for sure.
She told me that she's last.
If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl, but whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
Muhammad wasn't sleepy, but Monica was.
Joe said that he thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Do you think that you can help me do that tomorrow?
That might be possible, I suppose.
They tortured Jacob.
Harry is the only one here who knows how to speak French.
Who's your favorite character in this movie?
I acted alone.
It sounds like you had a great time.
The fact that she had gotten married twice was true.
Joe, look what you've done.
Have you told Jacob what to do?
Alice said she wasn't planning on going.
Charlie and Olivia told me that they understood.
George put a gun to Carmen's head and pulled the trigger.
It takes about three hours to do that.
Adam was just plain fat.
Jack was married when he returned.
Put the money in your pocket.
All you ever think about is work.
When we go to bed, we say "good night".
Jacob said he was glad you weren't injured.
If we can just make it through one more month, we'll be sitting pretty.
I always liked them.
I know that Joe came to Australia last week.
Muhammad is a very interesting person.
She told me she'd be alone.
She did what I asked her to do.
The bridge is low.
Joe died in an airplane accident.
I'm assuming that it won't be a problem.
Muhammad probably wouldn't do that today.
Do you really want me to tell her?
Adam plans to leave Australia next year.
He doesn't remember anything.
Jami looked straight at Anna.
Did you ask Lucy what she thought the problem was?
I would have wanted to do that with you.
Even if the tiger is dead tired, it is still as powerful as a sheep.
George's parents don't let George go out at night.
As I told you before, I can't help you do that.
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.
He is in great want.
He has been working on the project for a long time.
William didn't use to do that.
Come home.
Their rude behavior makes me angry.
What exactly are you doing?
Anna is willing to help, isn't she?
Has anyone heard from her?
They're shooting at me.
You aren't leaving until tomorrow, right?
It's not a good situation.
I want to buy a dozen eggs.
I like this one the most.
I heard you were getting married.
The doctor says you're going to need a lot of rest.
I waited for my husband till after midnight.
What are your intentions?
I wonder whether Joe and Alice really regret what they did.
I'm trying hard to get this done before 2:30.
Alice is wearing a plastic dress.
Don't speak ill of the dead.
I don't eat red meat.
She said everything will be over between us.
They thought they needed to do that.
Here's what I wanted to ask you.
I've never even met him.
I think James can speak French, but I'm not sure.
Please record Tommy's speech.
I'd like to check out. Do you have my bill?
That guy over there dressed in black is Adam.
Alex pointed to the chair next to his.
They want me to stay away from them.
Charlie said he had fun doing that.
George knows a lot of songs, too.
Jami made thirty dollars an hour on that job.
I was scared out of my mind.
The population of Japan is less than America.
Did George and Margaret actually do that by themselves?
They sang on the stage in turn.
Please move on.
I thought that I'd drop by and say hello.
I know I should wait, but I don't want to.
Let's melt cheese on the potatoes.
Muhammad and Olivia know they have to be patient.
I wore my favorite dress.
I'm old, but I'm not that old.
All my son's adult teeth are in.
You should tell Jack what you did.
I don't think Tommy can speak any French.
I didn't think that Charlie would tell anyone.
When I saw my uncle yesterday, he told me that he had returned from London three days before.
Has anyone attempted to "surf" the Internet since 1998?
I don't know what to write in this sentence.
I dreamt I was a horse.
I'm sorry to interrupt you.
I would prefer to not leave tonight.
How could Alex have known where the money was hidden?
Are you telling me you don't know how to cook hard-boiled eggs?
I didn't care who helped me, as long as someone did.
Charlie wanted to have a nicer car than his neighbors.
That's a lemon tree.
He lost his ticket for the movie.
We'll have to come up with something else.
He cleared out his desk.
Muhammad didn't see Olivia crying.
I love the rain.
Jami is likely to be early.
Oliver said that he wanted to drop in on some old friends while he was in Boston.
I thought I told you already to go to bed.
I had forgotten that.
I proved her wrong.
Aren't you interested in football?
My hair is so dirty!
Joe would've left early if he'd known he could have.
If you stop worrying, you might enjoy yourselves.
Adam isn't old enough to drink yet.
Maybe you're not supposed to do that.
Why are you so awful?
He's staying at his grandmother's.
Dinner is ready!
I want to pay it back to you.
I spend the day talking on the phone.
Jack probably knows more than he's telling us.
This is pretty amazing.
Don't worry. It's not important.
It's impossible.
Tommy says he doesn't think Emma really wanted to do that.
Carmen promised Jami she'd do what he asked.
I think you should tell Catherine that you love her.
Does George really always swim by himself? Isn't that dangerous?
Stop beating around the bush and get right to the point.
It's impossible for me to do that tomorrow.
It isn't going to be easy to convince James to help us.
You are pushing matters.
Did you see them go aboard?
I don't think Jami has any idea what Julia has to do tomorrow.
If you want a man to propose marriage, feed him well.
Oliver and Olivia say that they're not angry.
You need a boyfriend.
I just can't get the information I need.
Jami told me he felt hungry.
He dropped in on a friend.
Tommy and Carmen may eat whatever they want to.
I hope you will be quite well again before long.
William and Eva said they felt like eating steak.
I don't drink beer very often.
Just how rich are James and Valentina?
Has anyone asked for me?
Carmen said she wanted to try to swim across this river.
Jacob broke everything.
He searched the room for the lost key.
Is that what you did to Joe?
There'll be no one in the house.
I know you want to be beautiful.
She may speak French if she likes.
We are leaving for London.
Can we do this another time?
I have to solve the problem myself.
They're studying French and web design.
My wife died last week.
George told me he wasn't married.
I think Jami is a lot better singer than you.
Muhammad wasn't the last person to leave the room.
Jacob has only a limited time here.
Look at me with your books closed.
I'm so busy laughing and crying every day I don't have time to study.
I didn't think Jack was downstairs.
Who wants to wash my car?
I'm one of the dancers.
The man's third attempt to stop smoking failed.
Oscar said Mary is worried.
You must not discuss this with anyone.
George hopes Julia knows that she has do everything John thinks she should do.
Where's my son?
We'll do whatever it takes.
I want everything in this box.
What would you expect to see?
One can't visit Rome in one day.
Adam says he'll ask Carmen to do that for him.
Margaret didn't speak French when I first met her.
Please lend me that book.
I soon got used to living alone in Australia.
I saw you looking at William.
You can rely on their coming on time.
Mary said she'd be glad to do that.
I don't think that you really want to do that.
George didn't know how to begin.
I came to see Dr. King last year.
Where is the bathroom?
I have no one with whom to speak the language.
He asked me what had become of her.
I never should have lied to Jami.
Are you willing to help?
William didn't tell us why we shouldn't do that.
I'd like a room in the corner of the building.
That's what Jami told me on Monday.
I know a shorter route.
I don't ever want to talk to Jacob again.
Lucy is trying to get her weight down.
You're the only one who didn't do that, aren't you?
I don't want to sleep on the couch again tonight.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
I've already made the deal.
I don't know who painted this picture.
Adam said he needed some more time.
That sounds nice.
I know why George and Monica are in Boston.
Tommy said that he's looking forward to seeing you.
I think you know Tommy much better than I do.
I don't like anything here.
I think that Alex will call you.
He remained at the top of the class at school.
I found it impossible to do the work in one day.
She explained the reason why she was late.
I must warn him.
I don't think Charlie knows how much time he'll need.
Do you have any questions about what needs to be done?
If we had more money, we'd do that.
I'm too young to buy beer.
This is the way Joe told us to do it.
I saw you in the park with him.
What do you think William did wrong?
How was your date with Alice last night?
Watch out! There's a car coming!
I'm the only one here who doesn't understand French.
I have a feeling something very special is going to happen.
James and Valentina don't think that'll happen today.
Fighting is not a solution.
I didn't understand what had happened.
Something in Dan has changed.
Susie will do that only if she has to.
I don't think this is what you think it is.
Hold him for me.
Jacob said Laur was planning to walk home by herself.
Both of us don't want to work in Australia.
Joe will do that just like before.
On the table there's a plate, a fork, and a knife.
Did Jack behave himself while I was gone?
Tommy convinced Laur that she should tell the truth.
Muhammad is feeling a little bit better.
I can't eat anything today.
There are apples in this box.
Charlie said Monica was likely to be surprised.
Can Jami do that himself?
John's parents seemed relieved to hear that his plane was on time.
Alex was here before I was.
Oscar was already drinking his third beer before Monica had even finished her first.
Would you like another drink?
There was a great deal of snow last year.
I'm a police officer in Boston.
Alex was hilarious.
You need to learn French.
I'm probably wrong.
I hope Charlie and Julia aren't desperate.
I wonder whether I forgot to tell Laur she was supposed to do that.
It's game time!
This water tastes good.
To be happy and not ask any more questions would be best.
I'm loaded.
Charlie was forced to make a radical decision.
I don't doubt but that he will do it.
I've heard Oscar and Alice are really good at speaking French.
No one will obey you.
About how long does it take to do that?
Tommy has been with us for a long time.
They're eggs.
Often the fear of one evil leads us into a worse.
I wonder whether or not Oliver knows Mary's phone number.
I have a severe headache.
I've decided to take a nap.
You made this, didn't you?
We must've missed something.
What time does your plane leave?
Adam said that Margaret has never been to a Mexican restaurant.
I didn't shoot anyone.
Muhammad could never do that as well as you do.
Tommy isn't going to let you go there.
Alice, not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where it was.
Adam was obviously bored.
My boss is suffering from a bad cold.
I thought that you'd figure it out for yourselves.
George did as you suggested.
Do you have any dirty laundry?
She looks like she's relieved.
I guess we could try doing that.
What's on fire?
My daughter does not talk back these days; she must have turned over a new leaf.
I'll be the last one to do that.
He made it himself.
I want to know if what I'm doing is right.
They can come here with their children.
Uncle Alex is sitting in the garden with the newspaper.
Muhammad finished the soup.
Where did you eat lunch?
It is Monday today.
Never surrender yourself to despair.
I don't think I've ever seen Alex do that by himself.
It was clear that Jacob had forgotten to do that.
James was there, too.
I don't think that that's the solution.
James bought a few things he didn't need.
Oscar died in Australia three years ago.
The game wasn't fun anymore.
Remember to say thank you.
I always buy fresh vegetables instead of frozen ones.
Oscar doesn't give up easily.
Are Adam and Emma able to do that?
Jami puts milk in his coffee.
Joe wants us to help him do that.
Am I speaking with Taylor?
Harry and Margaret kissed one another.
I must leave here today.
That depends on your ability to take care of it.
He is like his father.
He asked for some money.
George and Julia said they aren't sick.
Who else spoke French?
Muhammad was taken completely by surprise.
Tommy takes good care of Margaret.
Adam doesn't want Catherine to know he doesn't know what to do.
The cake is ready to eat.
He said he was getting tired.
George helps anybody that asks him for help.
I don't think Oliver knows why Carmen was fired.
Let's go and swim in the river.
Tommy already knows what Emma is going to do.
We all want a new car or a new phone.
I thought Muhammad and Julia were jealous.
I've just had dinner.
I took a swing at him.
Muhammad has been in the waiting room for the past hour.
Not only his son, but his daughter is also famous.
It wasn't a pleasant job.
There is a lot of furniture in this room.
Adam and Laur will be playing tennis this weekend.
I took the job without giving it much thought.
We're expecting a baby.
Muhammad talked to me about that already.
It's a subject we all know.
I don't have anything at all.
She says she can't help.
I don't know why Joe did that.
Let's get out of Alex's way and let him do what needs to be done.
Jami and Susie were surprised when they saw John in Boston.
He put the painting at a very high price.
Can you really blame her?
I know Jami would be mad if you did that without him.
Oliver will win, I'm sure.
Things seem to be going hot and heavy between Tommy and Eva.
Alex won't kill me.
George doesn't need any help doing that.
Oliver gave Mary some good advice.
I'm used to winning.
You have to help them.
We have some legal problems to work out.
James still wants to be on our team.
Alex had no choice but to do that.
It's your only choice.
This is the third time Adam has done that.
I just did it.
It's your turn to play.
That's all I do.
I've decided never to do that again.
Alex and Alice say they won't ask John to do that anymore.
You're old enough to take care of yourselves.
She said she was frustrated.
I talked it over with Jacob, and we've decided to go, too.
Muhammad never told me he was engaged.
How will they get through the cold winter in that tent?
The doctor told Alex to lower the amount of red meat that he ate.
I used to play guitar in a band with Charlie.
Charlie asked Mary what she wanted him to buy.
I'll stay at home the next time she comes.
Emma seems like a nice girl.
I didn't realize that Muhammad and Carmen wanted me to do that for them.
I'm unlikely to come by myself.
Now you're an adult.
When did William say he would come?
She opened her eyes again.
The parking lot is free of charge.
Jami knows a lot about music.
Tommy is impossible.
You have no right to talk to me that way.
They're not saying that.
I'll wait right here.
He said he didn't drink wine.
Harry said that Carmen is the best singer he's ever sung with.
I haven't seen you around here before.
Didn't you know James and Julia weren't supposed to do that?
Charlie is pretty upset, isn't he?
Everybody but James was present.
I'm not going to force Oscar to do that.
Joe and Carmen couldn't get John to tell them what was wrong.
Your boyfriend looks cute.
I'm sure of his working for our company.
Just have fun.
James will be gone by the time we get there.
We're not going to leave Adam here by himself.
That's just what he needed.
Her death brought deep sorrow to the nation.
Alice said she owed Adam money.
I haven't forgotten them.
I can deal with it.
I am going to apply for a scholarship.
We're not going to do anything today.
A new bridge is being built over the river.
Alex says he was asked to come here.
I asked several people to do that for me, but none of them were willing to help me.
I did everything right.
Joe seemed to be in a big hurry to do that.
I knew you wouldn't abandon me.
Do you want a sip?
Oliver's busy.
I'm not sure Adam would want Alice to kiss him.
You need someone to help you, don't you?
It's too late to help us.
Alex was supposed to be paid for doing that.
Jack told Emma why he enjoyed dancing with her.
James has a history of mental problems.
They walked.
I was busy, but I helped Mother.
Who're you looking for?
Charlie didn't get sick.
Muhammad doesn't have any of that.
He never takes medicine for his cold.
He thinks he hears something.
It's not good when vacation ends so fast.
He was surprised by the news.
I don't think that anybody really thought James was happy.
Do you like the theater?
George ought to admit that he was wrong.
We'll both do that tomorrow.
You will be killed!
I keep telling you democracy doesn't work.
We know you're not stupid.
What you said is also true of this case.
Most were unable to read or write.
Do not look out of the window.
Why didn't you call me up?
Laur said she'd unlikely do that.
How did James do this?
Tell me the reason why she got angry.
I've taken care of everything.
I can't look away.
Make sure you do that yourself.
I don't want to make the same mistake Harry made.
Harry visits me every time he comes to Boston.
How long is your spring vacation?
Alex doesn't seem to enjoy teaching French.
I'm tired of all his complaints.
Come and help us.
Oscar and Julia told John they hadn't seen Alice in years.
The tickets are free of charge.
The man drinks water.
He died content with his life.
Harry said Emma has always been good at sports.
Even though I was right, he got the best of me.
Lucy told me she didn't know.
I thought you said you couldn't eat raw fish.
Our teacher speaks French as well as English.
I didn't know Tommy would know how to do that.
Oscar said that Carmen isn't prepared.
All you have to do is to learn this sentence by heart.
Are you sure that Jacob shouldn't do that?
She studied Japanese after dinner.
I could not help crying at the sad news.
James put the book aside.
Oliver and Julia told John that they thought Alice was intelligent.
Let's get together here once a week.
William and Olivia tried to figure out the answer by themselves.
James promised he'd be back soon.
I wonder whether Oscar will get here on time or not.
Muhammad hopes to meet Mary again in the near future.
This beach is a popular tourist spot.
Jack told me he thought that Laur was bored.
Jacob denied having beaten his children.
Jami and Laur haven't yet bought their tickets.
We spent the entire day in the park.
They counted their money.
George has lived alone since his wife died.
I can't believe Jami really said that.
I know why Oscar left Boston.
I think that Joe may agree to do that.
Jack's very big-headed.
I always know how to get things done.
It's essential that you understand the situation.
He ate every bit of his dinner.
There's a back entrance.
How did that make you feel?
Alright! Listen up and listen well!
Everybody knows William.
I didn't know you wouldn't be able to do that.
He wanted to know more about the flowers.
He continued his investigation.
If you have to do that, then do it right away.
Is that why you won't help him?
I don't have enough money to pay for the product in cash.
It's time to work now. Let's get down to business.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everyone.
Adam thought you'd do that.
Alex said that he couldn't eat another bite.
Charlie told Carmen he wasn't interested in discussing his problems with her.
I think that William already knows why Emma wanted to do that.
I couldn't hear a word Alex said.
The dust rose in clouds.
That looks like Margaret, but it isn't her.
I hope that I can do it.
Last year I read more than five hundred books.
Oscar wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would he?
My day is arriving.
Harry said that he wasn't going to Boston.
I think George is almost done for today.
Muhammad knows there's no way he can win.
The play was a lot of fun. I wish you could have been there.
Can we sit here?
Can you stop yelling?
She said she felt a little dizzy.
I guess I could use a shower.
It can be yours, for the right price.
I don't often swim anymore.
Laur is a wonderful cook.
Oscar isn't interested, is he?
Jami is getting ready for school.
Alice took these pictures, didn't she?
She's herself again.
The bomb exploded, but nobody was hurt.
How can I get through rough times?
I didn't think you could convince Jack to stop doing that.
I'm the one who has to do that.
Mary said she was going to go to Boston to see Charlie.
Maybe Catherine doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
I wish I hadn't gone to Australia.
Jack didn't have any women in his life.
Adam switched off his walkie-talkie.
How can you give something that you don't have?
This just doesn't add up!
He refused to take the bribe.
I knew that Jacob was afraid to go into the cave.
I told Adam he shouldn't drive too fast.
I am here on business.
She began to cry at the sight of his face.
Jami told me that he's through doing that.
Your French is excellent, really.
He will start his new job on Monday.
My mother isn't always at home.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you what happened.
I had to set a good example.
Do you know where I can get one?
Both Adam and Monica now live in Boston.
We didn't want to upset George.
I know that Tommy won't ever do that again.
George and Alice decided to go back to doing that the way they used to.
I would never try to do something like that without your help.
He caught hold of the rope.
The clown it's his most remembered role.
He wanted me to help him.
Jami told us not to do that.
It's going to take me more than three hours to finish doing this.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
We work by the day.
I didn't know that Harry would be interested in doing that with us.
I intend to go to the library this afternoon.
Alex grabbed the book from Eva.
He talked about his family.
There is a cat five meters from the tree.
I've done more work on my farm in the last three months than you've done in three years.
Has Alex been doing that for a long time?
I know Jacob is a terrible dancer.
George has seen better days.
Oh, Jack, take me with you!
Everyone has a right to have no rights.
Maybe Joe and Monica didn't do what everyone says they did.
Joe is delighted.
Have you told anybody?
I shouldn't have let Adam drive.
I know that she is pretty.
Do you know if James has done that already?
Tell her I'll come back.
People can't find true friends in the Internet.
You never gave them a chance.
Can you turn on the light, please?
No one ever really knows what goes on behind closed doors.
George still sometimes does that.
Muhammad worked as a teacher.
You do not have to go to the dance unless you want to.
I don't want to disturb him.
Dan wanted a lot of kids.
I need to help her.
Oscar is packing his bags, isn't he?
There are a handful of naughty boys in my neighborhood.
I've decided to keep doing that.
There are no suspects in custody.
I closed my eyes and turned my head.
She took her own life.
I already told her.
It isn't an easy sport.
He comes here almost every day.
Oscar and Lucy aren't my friends anymore.
James is the one who's been taking care of that.
You should have known better than to put yourself in that situation.
Tommy closed his eyes and tried to concentrate.
Yesterday the book was bought.
I'm so proud of my boys.
Do you feel well?
I saw the figure of a man.
William and Margaret said they had a friend in Boston.
Can you shut up?
Jami is going to do that on his own.
I wonder why Charlie didn't go to the concert.
When are you picking it up?
Stop pretending you don't know me.
I need to tell Muhammad what I want.
You shouldn't listen to them.
Apparently, Oliver is much smarter than us.
Muhammad said he probably wouldn't do that.
Love is confusing.
Let's just say it's for your own protection.
I suspect that Oscar will probably have to do that.
Everybody called me Tony in those days.
You have a big nose.
I tried to be polite.
How did you know I wanted to go to Boston?
Did Margaret say she did that?
Who were Joe and Julia swimming with?
My TV is broken.
Can you help me host my website?
I know Oliver will like doing that.
There were no consequences.
Guns are illegal here.
We're not dead yet.
Jack is like this dog; he's found his master in Eva.
George didn't know what he'd done was against the rules.
How did you spend your day?
Susie is wearing a coat that's way too large for her.
We both did that again.
Jami wouldn't stop drinking.
James has already decided what he wants to do.
Oliver told Catherine he was in Australia last month.
Oliver said he hoped Mary would be able to do that tomorrow.
They were talking to themselves.
I don't see any major technical problems.
Do you think you could do that by yourselves?
Oliver thought Julia was attractive.
James and Monica took off their wedding rings.
The room was packed.
It is common for students to go to school without eating breakfast.
He can't hold a conversation.
Muhammad cleaned his rifle.
The conference is already over, sir.
You're right on time.
I don't want you to come here.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
I wonder who'll tell Tommy and Lucy that they shouldn't be doing that.
Do you know what the temperature outside is?
I'll take good care of her.
The earthquake was the greatest disaster the country had ever experienced.
Let's have a birthday party for George.
He really wants to buy a new motorcycle.
Muhammad stayed upstairs.
I know Oscar knows that Catherine doesn't need to do that.
I don't think we'll have enough time to finish doing this today.
Let me catch my breath.
The gun went off while he was cleaning it, and the bullet almost struck his wife.
Harry died when I was three.
What does he say?
I don't think we've ever met.
You aren't really going to go camping with William, are you?
That's what Oscar likes to do.
I know Oscar did that in October.
They didn't say a word.
Tommy knew he didn't need to do what Monica told him needed to be done.
That is to say, he was old and gray and tired.
Change is possible.
I should've given Eva what she asked for.
Harry thought Carmen wouldn't like Australia.
The current president has many enemies.
I wish that we could ask Oliver.
All the songs we're singing tonight were written by Muhammad.
I asked him to make tea.
I think I'm the person who should do that.
James is the most popular boy in school.
Jack loves that song.
I'm fed up with it.
She told us not to make a noise.
I must say good-bye to you.
When shall we leave for the party?
I should've known Jami was going to do that.
Oliver isn't sure this is a good plan.
Next time, don't drop it.
The man isn't made for this.
I thought you were already dead.
I hope Jack didn't agree to do that.
I hope Adam is finished doing that by 2:30.
I'm already able to do that.
Alex said Alice thought that he might be required to do that the next time he travels.
Adam says it isn't worth the effort.
We told him about it; seems he forgot.
Joe said that he thought that I had to do that.
Jacob was supposed to do that yesterday.
Joe and Margaret were both happy in Australia.
We had the meeting in this room last Friday.
Joe can barely see.
The bear is coming towards us.
Muhammad looked sick.
Jack doesn't have enough experience.
I go to Australia every chance I get.
You'll get over this.
Do you really think Oliver will be forgiven?
Jami mentioned he was concerned about you.
Never lose faith in yourself. You can do everything you want to do.
Alex and Mary hired me to paint their houses.
The French are our neighbors across the Channel.
You'd better do that before Oscar gets here.
I was totally in love with him.
Jami doesn't use salt in his cooking.
I have to go meet Muhammad at the mall.
Oscar and Mary were just being careful.
You must look over the contract before you sign it.
My house is close to the school.
You look quite happy.
We had to obey the foreign law.
This has been happening for years.
He can't have read this book.
Don't be so rough on yourselves.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
You look really sad.
She fought for women's rights.
She went out without saying goodbye.
What more could a woman want?
It looks good.
Muhammad got suspended for doing that.
Did Adam eat anything?
Adam seemed to be high.
I didn't know Oscar was going to come with us.
Everyone was supposed to do that.
I didn't have enough money to pay the rent.
Jacob certainly is a good teacher.
I think I won't be able afford that.
That might be helpful.
I think Margaret can do that by herself.
After dinner sit a while, after supper walk a mile.
This is a three-star hotel; three hundred dollars a night.
James and Alice don't think they have to do that.
Alex said he needed to help Mary do that.
What was Jami eating?
Oliver has a short life line.
William said he doesn't think that Margaret should do that.
Charlie doesn't really know how to do that very well.
Do you think Jacob would care if we didn't do that?
The mountains are red against the blue sky.
Does he have a big nose?
Her only care is the safety of her children.
I might not stay in Australia very long.
Margaret only has one child and would like a second one.
This choice wasn't too hard.
I think Oliver is average.
I know that Muhammad isn't a fool.
It seems that there is also nobody at home.
I know how to get to your place.
I don't think it's likely that Jami will help us.
I only know Tommy isn't happy.
I don't go by what he says.
I know I'm lazy.
If only the rain would stop.
I'll show you up to your room.
Someone named Henry said he wants to meet with you.
Do you have the latest version?
Jim raised his hand.
Your behavior is too extraordinary.
Has Oliver been here long?
Jacob and Carmen told John they didn't have to do anything.
If you want to live, you also want to die; otherwise you don't understand what life is.
He looks young.
I know that Charlie doesn't want to hear what I'm about to say.
Is Jacob going with you?
There has been a good apple harvest this year.
What are James and Lucy wearing?
William is expecting you.
We were standing right over here.
He's as tall as me.
Adam is determined to push on.
Don't you want to win?
There's a good chance that William will need help doing that.
The company had to let many of its employees go.
Joe is an only child.
A man appeared from behind the door.
I don't know who'll do that.
I wonder why you have to do that.
I'll teach you how to swim.
I suppose James will lie.
He has an endless store of good jokes.
Education means something more than going to school.
I was worried about you.
He said that he had no regrets.
Have you ever heard Oliver's music?
I think we're going to be able to finish this by 2:30.
I'll be very disappointed if James doesn't do that.
Mary said that she feels much better today.
That'll make Tommy very happy.
Jami doesn't know what that is.
Did you really love me?
I'm sorry... for everything.
Nobody else would help us.
I have terrible pains.
I want them on my team.
She did well by him.
Jacob didn't see anything. I made sure of it.
I'm well.
William wasn't thinking about his children.
Have you spoken to Adam lately?
He looked just like his picture.
I thought I'd be through doing that by 2:30.
Tommy and Julia said they thought John wasn't finished doing that yet.
He gave us not only clothes but some money.
James said he thought that it would snow tonight.
Catherine says she has something she needs to do this afternoon.
He is on a diet.
I live in this world.
You've been warned more than once.
I speak French and English.
Oliver said that he didn't hunt anymore.
I cross the railroad tracks every morning.
I cannot look at these pictures. They are horrible.
Alice says she has a lot to do today.
Do you have another one for me?
Oscar didn't get his wish.
I know you still want to be with me.
I know Jack isn't doing that anymore.
He keeps this gun loaded.
We accomplished a lot.
I have to pay them back.
I couldn't explain to Jack what was happening.
No, today I'm not going to school.
What do Oliver and Laur think of your music?
She must have everything her own way.
I felt it was necessary, so I did it.
She shed bitter tears.
He's still at his desk, isn't he?
James told me he was unlucky.
Please hand me my coat?
Honey, I'm home.
When I fell I tore a hole in the knee of my pants.
Oliver is often mistaken for his brother.
Joe decided to do that instead.
I don't think that it's so strange.
My mother is in the hospital now.
I haven't given Jami permission to do that yet.
I want to be left alone.
William has Laur to show him how to do that.
You can know a man by his friends.
He says he can wait a long time.
They told everyone they were done.
It's a pity you weren't able to do that.
It smells as though someone has been smoking in here.
She returned the book to the library.
Scary movies will frighten the children.
He was sound asleep.
He can drive, can't he?
I'm sure you can do that.
Why do you believe that I went?
We should visit Boston again.
They passed notes in class.
Jacob said the meeting went well.
Lots of women both run a home and go out to work.
Our budget is very limited.
We have snow in January.
He is as smart as any in his class.
Is that what's eating you?
I came by to see how you were doing.
Maybe people like us shouldn't have children.
His son is eight years old.
I didn't do very well on today's exam.
I still live here.
I don't remember when I first met him.
Carmen didn't get married until she was thirty.
I might be able to do that for Joe.
I don't want to be negative.
This river is 500 miles in length.
How do you think you can make a difference in the world?
My daughter is already grown up.
Why do you go to bed late?
I'll ring them tomorrow when I come home.
I haven't listened to any of his songs.
James will deliver the message.
It's still light out.
Adam has just left.
Jack is out, but Emma is at home.
I don't regret what happened.
Luckily, I don't need to go there by myself.
I'm not going to Boston this year.
Don't you even think of eating my chocolate!
She doesn't get paid by the month, but by the day.
I didn't know James wanted to do that yesterday.
Oscar didn't have to talk so loud.
Don't tell Jami what we have planned for next week.
I had breakfast by myself.
The revolution is over.
Emma doesn't think I can do it, does she?
Harry and I ate dinner together last night.
Charlie is doing his best to stay out of trouble.
It makes no difference who I meet.
I gave you everything you wanted.
There is a cat in the kitchen.
Let us stay here.
Tommy and Catherine say they think they can probably do that.
His little brother is a famous soccer player.
Oliver said Eva lied.
George said that the smell didn't bother him at all.
What is her job?
Adam said he knew that Laur might want to do that by herself.
Ah yes, two, right?
Souls never meet each other by chance.
I don't want her to take over.
I intend to try.
Do you expect Jacob to win?
Oliver isn't anything like I'd expected.
She thought she could get him to like her.
My problem is other people know that you're the one who's paying my bills.
You just now noticed this?
Would it be OK with you if I did that?
I hate the English language and everything related to it.
I should've told Emma why she was supposed to do that.
Eva said she wasn't likely to do that today.
Did you know that Oscar is planning on moving to Boston?
Where are the rest of the boys?
The only thing I saw on the table was an apple.
Alex and Eva are both wrong.
I guess Harry will have to do that.
I think Oscar was the one who was supposed to tell Carmen she needed to do that.
I think Oscar and Eva are nice.
Jack said he needs to get more sleep.
They still haven't done their homework.
You can't apply this theory to this case.
Paul is so pleasant a person that everybody likes him at once.
How did you learn about what happened here yesterday afternoon?
I have to go to the dentist this afternoon.
Jack told me that he's ready.
He thought his parents had died.
Since you're going to Jami's house anyway, could you give this to Jami?
The paint has dried.
Tommy hasn't visited this year.
Harry won't be allowed to go to Boston by himself.
I've come for Charlie.
You aren't really supposed to do that.
We both will do that tomorrow.
I have never done this.
This box is not as big as that one.
I don't think Joe knows how much it'll cost.
It's all you can do for now.
Adam told me I did that wrong.
I was ashamed of my brother.
Jack lives down the hill.
I've heard that a lot, too.
George doesn't seem to have very many friends.
There's a lot of big game in that forest.
I'm convinced Charlie doesn't need to do that.
Jacob might be more willing to talk to me.
I'll win.
Charlie said that Emma was the last one to do that.
Oliver and I are the only survivors.
Changes are taking place.
I won't allow it!
Please don't believe all the stories about Jacob.
Oscar should let me win.
I have something I need to show you.
I like him all the better because he speaks frankly.
George has raised three children.
Call Oscar and tell him we're on our way.
She dressed like a boy.
You learn as long as you live.
You're not young.
Jami and Laur say they know John won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Surely you don't believe that.
Have you been there?
He is by far the best boy in the class.
Do you understand what you're saying?
Alex said he thought he knew what the problem was.
She said she found doing that hard.
I am somebody and I am important.
Your question isn't relevant to the subject.
You're always together.
I know who Oliver gave his old bicycle to.
That isn't a suitable topic for discussion.
Catherine said she didn't have to stay home to help Alex.
I've got some great ideas but I need money.
Everyone knows Charlie agreed to do that.
I'm sorry for that, for your sake.
I think I could do that if you helped me.
At the same time as we arrived it started to rain.
Adam is finished, isn't he?
Alex seemed to be friendly.
I got a message that Alex wanted to see me.
Adam has been getting up awfully early.
James and Carmen reminded their mother to wake them up at 6:30.
Please wear socks to protect your shoes.
I've seen that movie three times.
Muhammad is different from before.
Adam is your son's best friend, isn't he?
I'm hoping Alex can do that with me.
Jacob made a quick recovery.
This lock is beautiful.
You might want to wait over there.
She said that she wouldn't be there.
Jacob and Mary aren't as scary as they used to be.
You can come on Monday instead.
It's a boring little place in the middle of nowhere.
James said that he's ready to go.
To tell the truth, I don't like what you're wearing.
Oliver said he wondered why Monica did that.
I wonder if Jacob and Olivia are angry.
Mary told me that she's bored.
Oliver gave me 300 dollars.
Is that something Charlie wants to do?
He likes to run.
I'm pretty sure that Alex used to live in Australia.
You can count on Jack.
Jacob says Valentina often does that.
How do you plan to stop Tommy from doing that?
I've waited for three days.
Aren't you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?
Do you really think Jack is awake?
I'm not the only one who's already done that.
Mary didn't know why William didn't want her at his party.
Why did she run away?
Oliver and Alice said they hoped John would do that right away.
I want you to call them.
He is mad about you.
You ignored Jami, didn't you?
Does Jacob know how to play the piano?
I expect to do that soon.
Everybody was singing.
Were both Tommy and Alice late for class?
It'll happen to you, too.
Tommy is probably not going to go to Boston with us.
"I'm really thankful to you." "Once again?"
They admitted they hadn't been fair.
We have been up all night.
Maybe Harry has something to hide.
I didn't know that you didn't understand French.
There are many people in the street.
I don't have much energy today.
I went for a walk with my son.
Joe and Margaret knew they didn't have to do that again.
You knew this already, didn't you?
It's just been a difficult few days for George.
Charlie and Susie are mad at John.
I'll never forget my first kiss.
Adam said that the cold didn't bother him.
Jack knew Lucy didn't do that by herself.
I think each of us played a part in inviting today's confusion.
Didn't you know that you shouldn't do that?
George still hasn't said he's sorry.
I know that Joe is a lot shorter than you.
Tommy said he knew that Valentina might need to do that.
Joe has been grounded for a week.
You know why I didn't want to do that, don't you?
I haven't seen Adam in weeks.
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?
Jami had enough time to do what needed to be done.
What colour is your dress?
You sweep the kitchen floor while I clean the bathroom.
I came here to spend some time with you.
He promised to provide information.
Jacob is wearing a coat that is too large for him.
Harry may not have known Mary would be here.
Everyone needs money.
If you lie, your tongue will be split in two!
I just heard that Charlie and Mary are moving to Australia.
Does this mean something to you?
Can you do that for me?
Why did you decide to become a teacher?
Harry didn't feel like talking.
We were looking good.
Happy is the man who knows his limits.
I definitely don't want to do that today.
Alice made her brother cry.
I wouldn't want nobody to see us.
It looks like we're the only ones here today.
Why does George want to do that?
Jami said that he was very sorry for what he'd done.
Dan dropped out of college and started looking for a job.
Mine is not as good as yours.
I was talking about William.
I'm going to save more money.
I think Adam is pretty happy about it.
I thought that ought to do that again.
What a nice bike!
Why do all the boys like Eva?
Where is the library?
It seems too simple to believe.
I thought that you said that you wanted to know who was going to help me do that.
I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
I know that William knows Emma doesn't really have to do that.
They shot him yesterday.
What's the name of the ship you served on?
George says that Eva is willing to do that for us.
You may shut the door if you like.
Muhammad and Monica say they're feeling tired.
He asked the same question of many people.
I love to talk about myself.
Harry was determined to study French.
Why don't you stay there?
They think they have the flu.
Her kindness has become a burden to me.
I think that Muhammad didn't know what to do.
She only does what she wants to do.
You're supposed to call her.
Do you want one?
Charlie pushed Monica off the elevator.
Jami and Olivia said they expect John to do that.
Does Charlie have the same opinion?
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.
The tree falls.
I'll write or phone you next week.
If it's fun, I will stay.
The play is based on true events.
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by bus?
It looks like Carmen is waiting for someone to give her a ride.
I didn't want to be around Oliver.
I hope they're all correct.
George won't be able defeat me.
Doing that would've been ridiculous.
We don't see him very often.
Was anyone surprised when you told them you were getting married?
How is the weather today?
Bring a pen to your exam, please.
Jack and Alice are both crazy, aren't they?
What colour is this flower?
I wonder whether or not George thinks Emma has to do that.
We're in this thing together, right?
You are happy.
Tommy isn't the one who gave this to me.
Do you regret what you did?
I've always been proud of you.
Alex is going to help Mary.
I do not like the rain.
Joe's house is surrounded by apple trees.
Actually, it was pretty boring.
Alex didn't know why that happened.
I thought you weren't going to make it.
It was James who told Eva she didn't need to do that.
I think Oliver and Monica like each other.
Muhammad is coming to see me tomorrow morning.
Jacob will probably be determined to do that.
She told the story with tears in her eyes.
I know Muhammad is a good musician.
The tickets for the concert are on sale here.
Nobody is going to tell Harry and Margaret that they can't do that.
Jacob has never been abroad.
Who's laughing downstairs?
Oscar loves to talk about his travels in great detail.
Why didn't you just tell me about all this?
I knew Adam wasn't likely to do that.
These houses were dark and dirty.
Please forgive me. I didn't mean to be rude.
We didn't do as well as we should've.
She is about to die.
I'm going to have to do that sooner or later.
Ah, I have been here before!
Oliver is breaking the rules.
That's a cute costume.
I've got to speak to her.
Did Margaret say why she's going to Boston?
Valentina had no idea that Muhammad was going to kiss her.
When we were kids, we always wanted to grow up. Now that we have grown up, we wish we were aware of it.
Jami wants an apple.
Charlie and Lucy said they didn't want to dance together.
Muhammad told me that he thought Anna was disappointed.
I don't know when Muhammad will leave Australia.
Why is Oscar working late?
You're old enough to know better, aren't you?
George has a black cat.
Have you got a moment?
George says he knows why you didn't do that.
You speak very well, let us find somewhere quiet in case anyone should disturb us.
It doesn't look like water.
Tommy laughed at all of Laur's jokes, even the ones he didn't think were funny.
We went out for a pizza last night.
The ugly clouds were getting closer, so we went inside.
I don't think Alex has any friends who like mountain climbing.
This is what it's all about.
Mary promised she won't do that.
Oscar said that he was tired and wanted to go home early.
She hasn't said what she plans to do.
What exactly happened there?
Can you explain why Charlie and Monica aren't here?
She is ashamed to tell the story to others.
I don't blame Harry for what happened.
I don't want to go up there.
Stop interrupting me!
The train was ten minutes behind time because of heavy snow.
She blamed others for her own failure.
Anna is making dinner, isn't she?
I thought you didn't to know how to play the piano.
There's a fire down the hall.
I think that you would be a really good coach.
What about the combination of both?
Both Alex and Olivia told me that they had a dream about John last night.
I know Alex is reckless.
I paid good money for this.
Jacob and Catherine aren't coming back.
William asked Margaret to polish his shoes.
The guy standing over there is Joe.
Jami need not have worried.
Muhammad came back this morning.
I got very sleepy.
Muhammad doesn't pay us. Someone else does.
Tommy became very hot.
These are dangerous men.
I'm not sure I have the time to do that.
He stepped aside for her to pass.
I prefer the blue one over the red one.
The Americans did not like the new plan.
All you have to do is do your best.
Muhammad played at local jazz clubs.
Alex and Catherine said that they weren't prepared.
Harry told me that Catherine was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
I believe I understood your words well.
Let's not keep Oscar waiting.
The book came.
Shouldn't William be doing that by himself?
I can't really afford the rent.
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
I know Jack is mean.
George gave flowers to Julia.
I realized I wasn't ready.
Oscar hoped that Eva would say yes.
Roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
I cannot accept your gift.
Jami and Catherine told me that they'd call you.
You know that I don't need do that, don't you?
I wonder whether or not Jacob would teach me French.
Don't lie to me!
I'm not sure that I want to get involved.
Feel free to contact me.
Jack is kind of freaked out about that.
Julia had trouble finding her key.
She wasn't ready for it.
Joe thought Lucy would help him.
Alex and Olivia were going to do that themselves.
Can you wait a minute?
I've given up trying to convince Muhammad to do that.
That's what Charlie expected.
Susie said that she can't go with us tomorrow.
Don't ask them where they are going.
All three men have been taken to a nearby hospital.
Joe may sing.
Jami and Margaret want you to talk to John.
Peek-a-boo, I can see you!
Joe wondered why Julia didn't want to do that.
He said he was tired of waiting.
To make matters worse, her husband died.
They're already being cared for.
Why are you selling this furniture?
You don't seem to be as afraid as Oscar seems to be.
Why did George kill himself?
The cricket is a good singer who can sing long notes.
The sky will soon clear up.
I had no real idea what it looked like.
The big toe on my right foot hurts.
Oliver is one of my new friends.
There was broken glass everywhere.
Where did Jack decide to go?
Monica had some anger issues.
She wanted him to stay longer.
My parents' house is really big.
Julia wouldn't have done that if Charlie hadn't told her to.
Your income is three times larger than mine.
He told me he was wounded.
She drives a sports car, doesn't she?
She says she wants to speak French.
I wish I were more like them.
I met him yesterday, when he told me the news.
Don't forget to reply to his letter.
I haven't finished the report.
I know what to watch for.
The new fact has come to light.
Harry didn't know you were planning to do that.
I went to college in Boston.
Adam bought this camera for a reasonable price.
She is extremely attractive.
Charlie is still in a bad mood, isn't he?
I don't think Adam will be by himself.
You're the ones we've been waiting for.
I was just trying to write out some of my thoughts.
You haven't seen all the family pictures yet.
I forgot to put it on the list.
Jacob told me that he was worn out.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Oliver isn't thirsty, but Catherine is.
I don't take my job lightly.
I didn't know if you knew.
George thinks some of his friends may not be able to do that.
James doesn't know what he really wants.
One of the boys suddenly ran away.
Jack certainly was embarrassed.
It feels like I've seen her before.
You don't need to work today.
What's the relationship between politics and war?
We went to the park to take pictures.
Is the boy worthy of praise?
George is always interested.
George didn't know who Olivia thought was going to win the race.
It can't be helped.
He returned to America.
When did Joe send in his passport application?
I didn't know that Jami knew why Lucy was afraid to do that.
Charlie doesn't need to do this right away.
You must do the work even if you don't like it.
I really loved Joe.
I went swimming with Oscar the day before yesterday.
Laur is cute, isn't she?
Alex and Julia said that they did that three times.
Tommy's disappointed.
I didn't back off.
Muhammad and Alice say they haven't had any problems yet.
The man I met in the park told me that his name was Adam.
We knew today's his birthday.
They didn't mean to say what they said.
The play ran for six months.
I'm sick of being called a liar.
I hope you have brains enough to see the difference.
I was only in Boston for three days.
George hasn't seen Emma yet.
Do you enjoy walking on the beach?
William and Emma swore they'd never hit me again.
Charlie is probably going to tell you the same thing I did.
I have no money today.
The cat pressed its nose against the window.
You've got to keep this secret, OK?
Jami is at least as rich as Anna is.
Get George away from me.
I may do that sometime soon.
Do you have a big family?
Joe and Lucy said they don't plan on going there anytime soon.
Adam said that he may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
That's a very deep and interesting question.
Oscar and Valentina won't likely forget to tell John they'll do that for him.
Charlie has already talked to Laur.
This is a real steal.
Carmen eats only what she wants to eat.
I don't like listening to people complaining.
Oliver is outside, playing with his brother.
Jacob talked Lucy into doing that for him.
It's pretty early.
That makes me want to laugh.
That's all Muhammad said to me.
I'll be a team player.
Can we just move on?
Jami and Julia often take walks together.
I'm pretty sure that Adam isn't in Boston now.
This medicine is a natural poison.
Jami was the only one who was eating.
I want to live in Boston someday.
I don't think that Muhammad and Mary are happy.
I know Tommy is going to want to go with us.
Her voice was shaking with anger.
Adam didn't watch TV.
I didn't know where I should go.
I hope he likes my present.
Oliver was here, too.
I always figured Charlie and Anna would become teachers.
Our bus comes late particularly when we are in a hurry.
Why is this happening again?
Dan put out the fire with a blanket.
Turn on the light. I can't see anything.
That has nothing to do with me.
Harry said he thought that Anna wanted to do that with John.
He realized that he should do that.
You should be getting dressed.
So what should be done?
I'm not ashamed of who I am or what I did.
Adam is psychic, but Margaret isn't.
If I had more for lunch, I wouldn't be hungry right now.
Adam is afraid of mice.
You hope Adam and Lucy don't make us do that, don't you?
Jack thought that he might be allowed to do that today.
Please don't make that duck face ever again.
I spent all week on this.
I've lost your lighter again.
She was almost knocked down by a car.
There's no point doing that.
I wouldn't eat that if I were you.
These are the best bags on the market.
He will lose his temper at the news.
I can now do that by myself.
She deserved the punishment she got.
Come on, tell me!
I don't need you anymore.
I didn't have the TV on at that time.
You're ruined.
Jack and Carmen say they know John can't swim very well.
She prayed.
Jack got back home sooner than I thought he would.
I know Charlie didn't agree to do that.
I'm from Italy.
How should I do that?
Please put on your shoes.
Jami was the only one who didn't know that.
Alex said he hopes that Anna is able to do that.
Tommy thought Susie would want him to do that for her.
I know where Joe is hiding.
Buy yourself a decent suit.
They don't like to repeat themselves.
In the future, be more careful with your money.
As you look at your face, you try to figure out what is happening behind it, in your mind.
Other options remain.
Charlie has gone away.
Hello. Could I speak to Mr. Jackson?
How do Harry and Lucy plan on helping us?
There is a man working on the farm.
I met him in January.
I know that Tommy would be able to do that if you helped him.
I thought that Muhammad had already talked to Anna about that.
It is difficult to find a well paid permanent job.
Why did she come here this morning?
I suspect Harry and Olivia studied French together.
When has Adam ever done anything for me?
The car is on the street.
I think that James was shocked.
In any case, you should come up to Tokyo.
I thought that Harry said he wasn't planning to stay.
He thought that I was very tired.
I think ours is much better.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like to be.
I was about to go outside when Jami called.
Adam might sing.
What are you doing up this late?
He said more than he should have.
Feel free to do whatever you like.
Charlie has been hoping to do that.
George is standing right over there.
I won't speak to them.
I've eaten enough.
You knew Harry and Carmen told everyone they were going to do that, didn't you?
About how many hours a day do you do that?
Adam, what are you doing here?
I have to shave every day.
You're hiding something, aren't you?
She made me laugh a lot.
You brought nothing in.
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong.
In Russia, you wouldn't get away with that.
I know where that is.
It is a curse.
How does Jami plan to help?
Oscar will look like an idiot.
The baby took another careful step.
I didn't know that William had already done that for us.
Would you mind helping me do this?
He took a lot of chances in order to survive.
He said he's glad that he did that.
Joe denied he left early.
Time goes so quick.
Never tell lies.
I'm not surprised George won.
How long did you wait to see the doctor?
Muhammad is the only person I personally know who can speak French.
We're waiting for dinner.
I didn't close the door.
Happy birthday to me!
Tommy was the one who designed our house.
He sleeps by day and works by night.
Please buy that for me.
Adam has been caught cheating again.
We much expected that.
He picked flowers for them.
I didn't have to stay in Australia as long as I did.
Appreciate what you have now.
All our things were turned upside down.
She showed me her new guitar.
What is your opinion?
Adam took off his bicycle helmet and put it on the table.
I think it's the same thing that happened to William.
I don't know what's got into her.
Joe will likely never win again.
I knew I was being watched.
I'd never say something like that.
They said that they felt good about that.
I would have done that if I'd had more time.
Will it ever become a reality?
Olivia said she didn't expect Oliver to do that.
Politics is a battle of ideas.
You told Harry I didn't feel like doing that, didn't you?
Jack said that wasn't likely to happen.
Adam brought a blanket.
I just grew up that way.
My parents were furious.
Joe said his team will win.
Were you spying on me?
Thanks for coming, guys! I'll see you next class!
Her husband is now living in Tokyo.
German guys are said to be shy.
Yesterday, we studied English.
They looked like they were finished.
We'll never reach Boston before dark.
I'm not very likely to do that.
The teacher is strict with his students.
Tell Adam that's what he ought to do.
I wanted red shoes.
It was expected.
They said they weren't alone.
He is in a bad mood.
I've never been so embarrassed in all my life.
Try to learn a little English.
They do everything they're told.
He pretended that he had a weapon.
What happened to your nose?
Oscar and Mary knew there was no way they could do that.
If it is sunny tomorrow, we will go on a picnic.
I'd better call James first.
I don't think that I'm allowed to help you do that.
I suspect that Harry and Alice don't often do that.
Oliver comes here every other day.
I don't think Oliver would be willing to help us do that.
"What else do you know about him?" "Not much."
He is an idiot.
I know you're very angry.
I don't think it really matters who does that.
The girl jumped at the chance to go to New York.
Olivia said she didn't think Oliver would've done that.
Yes, I will be your Valentine.
Do you want him to help you?
I think you're the person who caused this to happen.
Harry's wife is just as tall as he is.
You shouldn't make fun of them.
William managed to escape through a window.
I knew that we'd be late.
What exactly is Oliver doing?
William and Anna have been waiting for John to do that for them.
We've been ready for an hour.
When was the last time you played your guitar?
Everyone looked over at her.
George won't be in time for the meeting.
Adam might not be as rich as you think he is.
Muhammad and Catherine said they were talking to John when the lights went out.
Jack was inside.
It's time for you to pack up your stuff.
People blamed General Grant.
He told me all the details.
I'm not sure that George is going to be there.
Monica didn't seem surprised when I told her why we should do that.
Please come in, Sir.
I've checked.
I think Adam will be doing that again.
Reckless driving will lead to an accident.
Oscar is probably going to tell Lucy he's sleepy.
He went to Paris, which is the capital of France.
I know that you're a coward.
Choose the T-shirt you like the best.
When did Jami get married?
I didn't know what George was going to say.
Divide this in half.
We did that deliberately.
I didn't want to leave empty-handed.
I'll meet her some other time.
I have a solution.
I took a taxi so that I would be in time for the appointment.
Harry talked to someone in the park.
I told Oscar you'd hate doing that.
Muhammad likes to go to the beach.
I'm going to buy three tickets.
I didn't realize there was a problem.
The computer doesn't work.
Adam and Eva admitted they were scared.
Do you have a bird?
I know George is a very strong man.
I'm not in a mood to see you today.
I think Muhammad and Olivia are still home.
I have a longer beard than Muhammad does.
I hope my snoring doesn't wake you up.
Harry finally got a job.
Where's the source of this river?
Do you have a bigger bowl?
He pulled a coin out of his pocket.
Adam searched his bag for a pencil.
She said that nobody could help her.
They felt that now was not the time to start a civil war.
He wasn't ready for it.
All of Alex's friends laughed at me.
He stayed at the hotel for a long time.
I know Jami isn't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
You don't have to protect me anymore.
What shall we talk about?
I was just thinking about something you once told me.
I know that William is in bed.
They could still be here.
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
I think we should ask Tommy to resign.
We haven't changed the rules.
George doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.
It doesn't matter what we do.
I know how you operate.
Oliver said that Catherine was too young to get a driver's license.
She said she did that in 2013.
Drink the soup while it is hot.
Charlie said that he thought that Julia would be scared.
He's waiting for his check.
I want to let Oscar know he's not alone.
I need to buy curtains.
They told me they were happy.
He said he doesn't like to do that.
Charlie already knows why Eva didn't do that.
He worked hard yesterday.
I think I shouldn't eat this.
Do you want me to pick you up?
I switched off the motor.
My father is very nice.
I want to prove to Oscar that I can do that.
Tommy said Carmen was afraid to do that.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
Laur seems to have everything she needs.
It's in your interest to go.
Do you not know who I am?
She held her hand out.
How could someone so happy and full of life want to end it all?
Are you hungry yet?
You'll have to leave now.
James set the tray down on the table.
Look at these numbers.
Charlie said that he's been asked not to do that.
Please make sure that she wakes up on time.
I didn't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
Finally I found the answer to the question.
I don't like people talking about me behind my back.
Jami said the party was fun.
You still haven't told Laur why she needs to do that, have you?
He says he's willing to help us.
Muhammad told me that he thought Olivia was a better tennis player than he was.
I heard you made a big mistake today.
Adam might be able to do something to help.
Why won't you listen to reason?
That boy's hair is black.
"Do you know where this camera was made?" "I think it was made in China, but I'm not sure."
I didn't want to do anything that might hurt Joe's feelings.
The deer fell a prey to the lion.
We're not being properly informed.
Tommy felt dizzy.
Oliver and Valentina are so delighted that they found an honest and capable painter.
Oliver is travelling around the world.
I think Harry and Emma are busy.
Just tell me who's next.
I'm pretty creative, I think.
After a while, it grew dark.
I barely remember anything.
I thought Oscar would want to help me.
You didn't buy that story, did you?
I was moved by his tears.
Mary has a large shoe collection.
I don't think Harry would like Australia.
They don't like Tommy's dog.
I had a chance to do that when I was in Australia.
Charlie told me I couldn't win.
Joe is probably in a hurry.
Harry said he didn't think it was worth the risk.
Charlie said that he thought Olivia wouldn't do that today.
Jacob told me he thought that Julia would want to do that.
I was never in love with him.
Experts aren't convinced.
But is it true that tomorrow you get older?
Why doesn't William come back?
Do what your heart tells you to do.
How far?
Are you really going to buy that car?
I never wanted to sing that song.
Can you show me that on the map?
Boston is where I grew up.
I should tell Oliver I'm sleepy.
Alex wished he hadn't told Anna he loved her.
I'm not good at singing.
See the sunlight on the ocean.
Can you tell me what you call this?
Like me, he's also not tall.
Have you ever talked to anyone about this?
It seems that everybody is an American.
They said that's fine with them.
You want to be the first one to do that, don't you?
George finished his homework before dinner.
We've only got one problem yet to solve.
Be ready to help a friend.
We'll start with the easy stuff.
He's considered to be a great politician.
Catherine said that she's scared.
It was all there.
What are Charlie and Eva listening to?
Muhammad treats Mary like a princess.
I need to go over my notes.
I am seeing Carmen this afternoon.
I'm going to do something by myself for a while.
That might be a good idea.
Oscar and I know that Julia is unhappy here.
Catherine isn't the sort of girl who would do what you say she did.
I need to take Monday off.
I've been out of touch with things for several months now.
I was my own boss.
What did you major in?
I know that Tommy did that better this time.
He writes to me less and less often these days.
We owe more on our house than it's worth.
Jacob and I are going to Australia for a conference.
Did you go to the club?
Harry asked me if I liked math.
He can speak not only English, but also French.
Michael is to be on a TV program tonight.
Oliver's son's name is John.
William told his students that there would be a test on October 20th.
I don't think Muhammad is ugly.
That box is too small to put all of this in.
I don't have any brothers or sisters.
Now ten dollars buys less than five dollars did three years ago.
Mary knows she ought to do that today.
She broke down when she heard the news.
Stop grade-grubbing.
Germany was split in two.
I can't agree with you with regard to the new plan.
He should've trusted his instinct.
Did you think of that?
Mum speaks to me too quickly.
I think we'll be OK.
We've made way too many mistakes.
I don't think that Tommy knows there's still work to do.
Don't you understand how serious this is?
How did Oscar and Anna like the gifts you gave them?
Don't you see how ridiculous this is?
There's no water in the tub.
How did that occur?
I knew that George could do that if he really wanted to.
His manners were anything but pleasant.
Though I went to see her all the way in the rain, she was out.
Do you think Joe will stay in Boston long?
We hope that you'll do that.
I told you the truth when I told you I loved you.
You have to adjust your glasses to your eyes.
Alex and Monica called to say they'd be late.
Alex is qualified for this job.
I have told you it.
Oliver is very popular.
We have to stay together now.
I did my best to hide my disappointment.
Tommy isn't likely to be lonely.
Alex and Alice say they've climbed this mountain three times.
That tree grows next to her house.
Charlie borrowed three books from Catherine.
The train was going 500 miles per hour.
That isn't what Oliver and I are looking for.
Oliver and Eva both look worried and exhausted.
Yes, it's time to go home.
It hadn't occurred to me that Oliver would want to go to Australia, too.
George and Laur said they didn't think John needed to do that again.
I didn't stay in Boston very long.
I hate women who say that all men are the same.
You have to help Muhammad with his homework.
They've already sold their car.
Oscar said that he was very excited.
I wonder why Tommy doesn't have a driver's license.
Susie did the very best she could.
I want to know where I stand.
Eva will probably get arrested if she does that.
Alex took care of Mary.
I was sitting next to Jami.
I can't get anybody to tell me anything.
I can't ski very well.
Laur was like a mother to me.
I have information.
Jacob will answer your questions.
Sorry, Alex, I didn't want to get you involved.
I want you to start right now.
We all must stand up against this.
I'm sure Monica said she was planning on doing that.
Oscar is turning down the sound of the radio.
William wouldn't do what Lucy asked him to do.
They stuck their heads out the window.
Charlie and Eva have things they need to do.
Valentina does everything we tell her.
Does Joe often eat lunch at your house?
Jacob had lunch.
Dan didn't even intend to call Linda.
I know that you're not coming to my party, but I wish you were.
This device doesn't work.
I didn't feel like calling Jack.
Jami finished the report in time.
They are short of funds.
Neither James nor Eva has been helping us.
George wasn't the one who told me that Carmen ought to do that.
You're not helping a lot.
I pushed the table out of the way.
I'll get you a towel.
He was burning with fever.
I thought you said you wanted to do that for Charlie.
Jami probably doesn't know why Emma and John don't like each other.
He blamed everybody except himself.
The church stands on the hill.
Call a doctor.
What bothers me is his attitude.
Jacob is married now, so he can't go drinking every weekend with his friends like he used to.
Aren't you trying your best?
Charlie also was very hungry.
Alex got up from the couch.
In the practice of the Great Way, all under Heaven was public.
I think it's really important we do that today.
I didn't want to admit Charlie was right and that I was wrong.
As soon as it stopped raining a beautiful rainbow appeared.
Are you still alone?
The only ones here who don't regret doing that are Alex and Mary.
Charlie seems very happy.
She says she won't speak French.
Don't call me that, she said softly.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
This is how it works.
I don't like your band's name. I think that it's stupid.
It's gone to shit!
We should get out of the house.
Death is common to all and inevitable for man.
The plates are dirty.
I go where I'm told to go.
He asked my mother.
Sometimes I take a bus to visit my girlfriend.
Jacob said that he wants to do that.
Harry didn't know how old Carmen was.
There's a chance that you won't like this book.
A woman whose husband has died and who has not become someone else's wife is a widow.
Who is Emily?
I present to you my step-daughter.
When was the last time I visited you?
Charlie knows nothing about that.
I don't think James can do that anymore.
Joe has a difficult decision to make.
I guess we're even now.
Seeing that she was not excited at the news, she must have known it.
He thinks that he knows why.
When I want to cry, I think of you.
Ask George how he got here.
Catherine is doing everything she can.
I thought that you'd be more helpful.
My parents were good people.
I knew Oliver and Susie were planning to do that.
Tommy wants to wait until Olivia gets here.
I came to talk to Tommy.
Did you drink from my cup?
Charlie and Eva said Boston was cooler than they expected.
Why won't she listen to me?
Let me try again.
I'm not the one who suggested we raise prices.
I was amazed at his courage.
George wanted to know who Monica planned to go swimming with.
Make sure you finish this by the end of the day.
George said that he'd do his homework right after dinner.
Soon I have to go get a haircut.
I wish you all the very best for the future.
Ask Tommy to sketch out his plan.
It is not my intention to return.
Speak louder. Your grandfather's hearing isn't so good.
I wonder what Muhammad and Alice are looking at.
Harry is the only man I've ever really loved.
Lucy said that she doesn't think she could ever do that by herself.
I want to compete.
I would rather stay at home than go out in the rain.
You should never have waited for me.
Would you be ready to?
You have only to sit here.
Catherine said that she was the last one to do that.
I heard Jacob complain about the cost of living in Boston.
George was very happy that his team won.
Yes, I agree with you. It's also that.
Harry and Olivia look good together.
I don't like talking in French.
I felt sad for no reason.
Do you want me to get Joe to do that today?
The sea got rough, so that we had to give up fishing.
What time do William and Alice do that every morning?
This is all a misunderstanding.
I know Tommy was the last person to do that.
Alex said he knew that Julia should do that.
William said he didn't want to let Alice do that.
I do not know if I did well enough to get accepted.
Are you hurt?
Nothing was taken.
Who's your friend?
It's definitely going to rain.
I know you can take care of yourselves.
She cursed him for causing the accident.
Laur admitted she wasn't certain.
Oliver is able to come to our party tomorrow.
I can't believe Harry bought that house.
I think Jack doesn't want to go to the dance with Emma.
Joe and Margaret said they thought they could do that if they had some help.
Adam wished he had more time.
Did Adam pay, too?
We have to get you home somehow.
George is the only one that can do that.
I'll go a step beyond that.
It’s my pleasure to come to UTE-HCM.
I thought that I'd ask Adam for help.
Germany declared war on Poland.
Muhammad can't seem to do anything right.
Charlie has it all wrong.
I knew that Tommy was afraid of my dog.
Mary isn't very good at what she does.
You're very smart.
Charlie is around thirty, isn't he?
I have a bus to catch.
I think that Joe looks ridiculous.
I think we're to blame.
I think Charlie isn't serious.
I wonder if we've done everything we were supposed to do.
I wish I had enough time to sleep.
James didn't pay me anything.
Is that really appropriate?
Did you talk to him about me?
Yes, I swear to this.
The lady is now drinking water.
What do you think of Tommy?
There are lots of people who don't have any idea about that.
What do you mean by that?
When will you advance?
He asked for a glass of beer.
Oliver said Catherine isn't jealous.
You can't let him stay here.
She is not only gentle but brave.
He towel-dried his hair.
You ought to listen to your mother.
Let's continue the game after lunch.
James explained why it would be a bad idea to do that.
William is alone in the dining room with Mary.
I straighten my hair every day.
The news made her happy.
William told everyone that he was through doing that.
It isn't far from the hotel.
Anna is around thirty, isn't she?
How do you know when to stop eating?
I almost finished.
Alex said that he wasn't able to do everything he'd planned on doing.
If I'd been there, I would have suggested doing something else.
Whatever you do, don't let Jami know you're going to do it.
We're back where we started.
She made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
Muhammad told me that Alice was prepared to do that.
Could you just sign right here, please?
Muhammad and Carmen told me they were hungry.
You should have followed Oliver's orders.
It looks like a cow.
I know George will ask Monica to help him do that.
Oliver said he doesn't think that Valentina does that.
I take my hat off to her for her effort.
I can show you around town if you'd like me to.
Alex told us about how nice you were to him.
Charlie probably doesn't know why Emma was arrested.
You didn't tell me William and Catherine were so rich.
I've got to find him before he does something stupid.
What were you doing last week at this time?
It's good to read books when you're young.
Why were you up so late last night?
I read newspapers in order to keep up with the times.
It was clear Alex was expecting you to do that for Olivia.
Why didn't you tell me that Harry had to do that?
I would never agree to that.
This is exactly what I've been looking for.
Would you like to watch a movie?
I didn't know what it was at the time.
I wondered to hear her talking of death, when, to all appearance, she seemed as well as we had ever seen her.
How much does the cake cost?
James and Valentina realized they'd said way too much.
This is all I want.
Why are you so afraid?
Charlie and Catherine are hoping for a good outcome.
You should've seen him.
Would you stay tonight, perhaps?
I see that I am surrounded by hostile faces.
He wasn't foolish enough to tell that story around her.
Not "he is my son" but " I am his father".
I suspect that Muhammad won't tell Julia she needs to do that today.
Charlie doesn't often have the chance to leave early.
Fate is not on our side.
Alex and Eva say that they're very busy.
I can't accompany you. I am still needed here.
I got some help from a friend.
I will have lived here for ten years next month.
He was by himself in his car.
I have something else I need to do.
I don't think George knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
Jami told Olivia that he thought John wasn't scared.
Do you remember talking to her?
I have no idea where Muhammad and Olivia were last night.
Who is the girl standing at the door?
The sooner I do that, the better.
There came a loud knock on the on the front door.
Catherine is a brilliant artist.
I don't think that actually happened.
Joe was right about Eva.
We shouldn't have to lay anyone off.
The dog is in the yard.
Talking of John, what has become of his sister?
Jami lied about what he'd been doing.
I'd really appreciate it.
My uncle has a large family to provide for.
I've contacted them.
She never cares about my feelings.
Valentina said she's quit drinking.
I know that I need to do that this week.
Tommy couldn't sleep because of the heat.
He forgot to come to see me yesterday.
Jacob got no reply.
Muhammad was told he had cancer just recently.
I buy milk almost every day.
I was disappointed at the results.
Joe thinks Alice won't want to do that.
Jack didn't tell me the whole truth.
I hope for a solar battery car.
Harry has done what you asked him to do.
Alex doesn't want to buy Monica a present.
He could get hurt if he did that.
Jack seemed to know what he was talking about.
Jacob is very unlikely to win.
Do you want to go for a walk later?
What! Is this true?
Are Muhammad and Carmen in Australia now?
Alex doesn't allow his children to go out after dark.
Only she knows how to help me.
With Oliver, anything is possible.
I just spent an hour talking to William.
Adam is planning to stay in Boston for a few days.
Did you get everything you need?
Jack doesn't really think I did that, does he?
I don't worry about her.
Neither Alex nor Julia has very much money.
I don't think Jack is done.
Why are Jacob and Julia crying?
Unfortunately, that is the case.
Tickets are required at the door.
These pants don't suit me.
Music has no age.
I think Carmen got home by herself last Monday.
You shouldn't have come so soon.
I went into the kitchen to make myself something to eat.
Just say when you're ready!
Where did you go?
I had an accident.
Muhammad said he thought we needed to do that by ourselves.
The army slowly advanced across the river.
Why didn't he buy a cup for himself?
James waited in front of the house.
Could you use an extra pair of hands?
Muhammad must leave early.
Children often cry just because they want some attention.
James didn't know why Mary didn't want him at her party.
Don't disappoint Jacob.
It's a legitimate business.
Charlie began doing that three weeks ago.
Why are you staring at my legs?
I'm only doing my duty.
The girls weren't dressed properly.
Jacob said Susie knew that John might not need to do that this year.
I wonder whether or not William would be able to do that.
Susie said that she liked snow.
She pulled herself together and started to talk again.
Harry said that he thought Mary was bored.
I can't tell if Tommy and Olivia are joking or not.
We've got to find it before Jami does.
Jack has decided he's going to sign the contract.
Catherine said that she didn't have a lot of money.
I'm certain that won't happen today.
It'll be difficult to do that by yourself.
I wanted to be a good friend to you.
I can't reveal my source.
What do you want them for?
Go find Oliver.
She told me she saw you at the mall.
I counted.
Jack wasn't at work.
George and Emma told me about their dog.
If you don't want to go, you don't need to.
They just went past us.
What kind of bread do you usually eat?
What were their interests?
I'd like to learn that language, but I have no practical reason to.
The stable is behind the farm house.
I wish I had a little more time to finish this.
I don't think that Jacob has any chance of winning.
They say that they feel taken for granted.
I think Adam could have done that without your help.
I have a Me 2, which is stronger than my Me 1.
This we all know.
I'm sick of school.
This bread is gluten-free.
I had a feeling you would be late.
I've never actually been here before.
At least that part's true.
She told me she can see ghosts.
I used to write in my diary every day when I was young.
I live with my uncle now.
James wanted Anna to drive.
How quickly does the bird fly?
Muhammad told you to say that, didn't he?
We shot her.
You should cancel the meeting.
You know Muhammad can't do that very well.
Why didn't you tell me that I should do that?
I told William that you'd want to know.
Jack is the one who helped me do that.
I don't want to be rich. I just don't want to be poor.
Oscar refused to believe that he was wrong.
Oscar thought Mary's plan was perfect.
She's breathing.
I wasn't happy with the way Tommy did that.
Your shoes are here.
Tommy is never going to make it on time.
This is his horse.
I'm trying to get everyone to call me Charlie.
Alex and Susie moved over so that John could sit next to them.
Jack and Alice said they remember doing that.
I promise that I won't tell anyone where it is.
It's nice to be rid of him!
No one respected men like him.
I'm just a humble teacher.
Luckily, nobody was killed in the fire.
William knew that Eva had kissed John.
George is trying to fix that problem right now.
He is a person with good sense.
I want to know who that guy is.
I like my house.
Does it bother you if I light up a cigarette?
Alice is somewhere in Boston, isn't she?
No one respects me.
There's no reason why you should do that.
I'll be here all day today.
He's cheap.
That's our biggest concern.
I didn't lie to them.
You aren't me.
He has finished his work.
Harry hit a home run.
Please have Adam wait until I get there.
I'm sure Harry will love it.
Valentina says she's never studied French.
They're not sure they can do that.
I'm sorry, but we don't have much time.
Harry and Eva sat at the picnic table.
I hear from my mother every month.
Now that's a problem.
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
The kitchen is a little bit too small.
We're mature.
I could teach you how to do that.
I left Harry in charge.
Seven years after his death, they discovered who was responsible.
William and Eva say that they don't feel tired.
You didn't even notice that I got my hair cut.
No one believed you, did they?
She bit her lip.
It is no more than two miles to the town.
I promised my friend that I would say nothing of the matter, and a promise is a promise, said she.
The news depressed him very much.
Muhammad caught Emma stealing money from the cash register.
Tommy proposed to me. He asked me to marry him.
What can be keeping them?
George says he's going to wait and see what happens.
I thought you'd be happy.
I don't know either of his brothers.
You should've told me about what Alex did.
It's just doesn't seem right.
This is a difficult math problem.
I like the place where I live.
Jacob asked Margaret to ask John to help us.
Jack ought to stay in bed.
I'll have a glass of red wine.
You will yet regret it.
James knew it wasn't a good idea to do that.
I wonder if Jack has a girlfriend.
I'm very relieved to hear that.
Harry's father is older than Susie's father.
When did she break the window?
He comes alone.
We're not angry.
Monica had her car stolen last month.
I'm running out of time.
James isn't supposed to do that today.
Charlie and Olivia don't plan on doing that by themselves.
Do you want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
James is nearly thirty years old.
Don't ever say that to Adam.
Were you watching TV last night at 9:00?
A drop of sweat ran down his back.
They're very practical.
We can make it if we try.
Many workers got laid off.
We are entitled to vote at the age of 20.
Tommy will be there tonight.
They asked the young worker to resign.
I knew that I shouldn't do that, but I did it anyway.
I wasn't prepared for this surprise.
I walk, but not because I don't own a car.
Don't tell Jacob I said anything about it.
To him, lying is a second nature.
George was watching TV in his underwear when I entered the room.
I'll buy her a beer.
Please speak more loudly.
So where are you headed?
I grew up with him.
James was surprised to see Susie at school on Sunday.
I'm here to cut down the big oak.
Give me a copy of this book.
Draw a line on the paper.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Europe.
Why can't Joe go to Australia with you?
I'm tired of hanging out with Oliver.
I know that James wouldn't likely be able to do that.
No matter whose fault it is, let's clean up the mess before dad comes home.
That is your book.
Please step back.
I was surprised when Jack told me Susie didn't want to do that.
That's impossible!
Failing the exam was a sore point that he did not like to talk about.
We'll paint it.
Jack was sure of it.
Emma told Oliver not to hug her anymore.
George isn't so sure of that.
Why is Oliver always so mean to Emma?
I tell my best friend everything.
I can't stand being looked at like that.
Jami reads almost no books at all.
I said everything is alright.
They were not able to respect their new lord.
Your bag is on my desk.
The TV won't turn on.
Olivia says that she can't fall asleep without her favorite stuffed animal.
Obviously, Joe isn't interested.
He told me he's through doing that.
I can't fix every problem.
I don't need you telling me what to do.
Why don't you help her out?
I can't tell you how long I've waited for this.
I'm thinking of getting a tattoo.
I don't think that it's fair to single Oscar out.
Jami always does that for Lucy.
We don't have a long time.
He prayed that God would bless me.
Valentina is James's ex-wife.
Did you ever find who was the woman in the photo.
James reached into his pocket and pulled out some coins.
She cries.
Who did Joe say was going to go to Australia with him?
I've got work to do.
If not now, then when?
I have a pain here.
I forgot the wedding date.
He made his choice.
All Jack does is sleep.
I bought a book that will be very interesting.
Jami said that he didn't want Alice to come to his party.
"What would happen if I touched a painting?" "I think an alarm would sound off."
He wasn't silly enough to tell that story before her.
I think Oscar and Mary aren't going to resign.
Do you go downtown often?
Leave more space between characters.
This could take a long time.
What makes you different?
I had great difficulty at the beginning.
We have to leave at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
Adam can't do anything about that.
Valentina sent me her picture.
I don't speak Spanish.
Charlie now has a job that pays well.
She said she'd be able to help us.
We're doing everything we can to find your son.
It's very important for our employees to be able to speak French.
Young people tend to take things too far.
Charlie isn't at all happy about that.
It's really cold tonight.
Eva says that she didn't do it.
Do you have a problem with me staying?
Harry and Carmen told me they didn't want to win.
How old is this TV?
Who was the one who suggested we sing these songs?
Did your uncle show you his new will?
My memory is terrible.
I can't stop worrying about you.
You might want to ask Oliver to help you.
This is the last time that I'm going to help you.
Mother often got angry with us.
She says she wants to meet you.
He knew what he was supposed to do.
They said he's very rich.
Jami and Susie are looking for a lawyer.
Don't you know Tommy passed away three years ago?
I haven't sent the package yet.
Harry isn't wise.
I understand you have a job to do.
Jami didn't think Carmen was doing that anymore.
Who invented that?
I think I'll be going.
This medicine is good for a cold.
George doesn't really want to talk about this, but he has no choice.
I'm certain William will do what he says he'll do.
Jack says that Anna will do that today.
This is the mistake of the student.
Oscar knows how to win.
Is this a real diamond?
Valentina said she had a lot of money.
I wonder how long George will be here.
Adam has to do what he thinks is right.
Jami is reading the paper.
Jim will not come today.
This tree is tall.
She has pretty eyes.
Why do you want to see him?
Monica told me that she should go.
Julia said she thought Jami wasn't going to be here today.
Olivia phoned to say she's not coming.
It was clear James was going to do that.
This word has a double meaning.
I wish I'd known Charlie wasn't going to do that.
Do you like your hot dog?
When you buy a house, read the documents carefully.
I wonder what Adam can do that I can't do.
He will accept your offer.
James should really study French.
It sounds like a great time!
You know you can always count on me.
I found the test difficult.
He'd give the shirt off his back.
What do think about that?
Jami refused to leave the house.
Can I try it on?
They said they'd rather not do that.
I have a package here for you.
I have to talk to Jami right now.
I remember reading this book.
Tommy got a little red.
You two make such an attractive couple.
I don't like it when people make fun of me.
He acted as if he didn't care.
I couldn't stop her.
Adam and Alice are both unlikely to cry.
What did I ever do to you?
That's really shocking.
I'm eating dinner with my wife.
I'm willing to offer three hundred dollars for it.
Is this our flight?
Carmen said she thought doing that would be dangerous.
You're nothing without me.
He didn't say he wanted to do that.
I have a new phone.
Oscar had a hard time making a living in Boston.
He has four mobile phones.
This is my comment.
Jacob became tired.
He made fun of me in public.
Jack didn't want to tell Mary why he couldn't do that.
Where would you like to go?
It's very likely to rain tomorrow.
We're not a part of this.
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.
There was a bridge there.
He tried to kill himself but it ended in failure.
Charlie is the one who usually helps me with my homework.
I don't like to run.
You're good at this, aren't you?
Susie pointed her finger at Oscar.
Muhammad and Monica would be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
Sooner or later, he will run out of luck.
You're making her nervous.
Harry didn't have a fever this morning.
Let's see what happens this time.
Jami wasn't very jealous.
Did you kill that man? Yes or no?
You're a good kid, Muhammad.
Oscar said that he likes dancing with Valentina.
This is Wonder Music Shop.
Jack and Laur aren't very smart, are they?
I've spoken to William about that.
William and Valentina were busy.
Charlie calls Alice every day.
Charlie won't be able to pull that off.
You made me sick.
Both Alex and I aren't busy.
Where is your school?
George thinks I don't know what he did.
Charlie has no free time.
Oscar is a doctor like his father.
Harry put something in Olivia's drink.
Friends do things together.
Did you see them that night?
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
I've been real busy.
Harry said that Susie thought that John might have to do that by himself.
Dan didn't even show up.
Can he keep it going?
They won't admit they were wrong.
Anna will be happy she didn't do that.
Everybody knows what he wants, but not everyone knows what he can.
Harry and Mary knew they had to leave.
There is no path to love. Love is the path.
I heard about it directly from my neighbour.
Can we make a difference?
Charlie offered to help me.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that last Monday.
You didn't have any help doing that, did you?
William is about your age, isn't he?
I actually play piano pretty well.
I knew Charlie wouldn't say anything else.
Almost all the leaves have fallen.
Everyone here knows William is in Boston.
My mother has been sick since last month.
It isn't easy to win.
Miracles have happened.
George is as blind as a bat.
Plants give off oxygen as they make food.
I wish tomorrow would never come.
You're the one I've been waiting for.
I think I can get Jami to help.
She spoke Japanese well.
What good is beauty?
I suspect Alex is determined to do that.
I don't think that I'll get the job.
Please tell everyone I'm sorry.
I've missed you.
What's all this to-do about?
They believed that they could win.
Does Jack really think he can convince Anna to go to the dance with him?
Harry and Laur were engaged.
Tommy already knows what Emma wants him to do.
Even we are people.
We may have to work late today.
The same sentence could have the force of a command.
He asked me to carry his suitcase.
I know Tommy is a very creative guy.
I won't take your money.
They hate each other.
My father made me what I am today.
Alex wants us to help him.
Unfortunately, William did what you told him not to.
There is no grass on the moon.
I've never seen it.
What a fool he is to leave school.
William said he had a difficult time doing that.
Jack won't have to go there anymore.
How much sugar do you eat every day?
It's a rare opportunity.
Joe has been teaching since 2013.
What did Oliver buy for you?
If you have noticed something, please point it out.
I don't think that Adam knows where Susie bought her computer.
Lucy did what she planned to do.
No one's seen her for a while.
I'm glad you told me about him.
Oliver was angry at Emma because she parked in his space.
She doesn't really believe that nonsense, does she?
One day I visited an old friend.
Susie is happy now, isn't she?
My computer has got to be useful for something.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to this.
The idea made my soul rise.
William won't be able to do that without a lot of help.
Do you think Julia could do that by herself?
That had never happened to us before.
I don't know anymore.
Jacob is going to be very miserable if that happens.
Did you really think I didn't know?
Muhammad has told me a lot about Australia.
Alice showed me her new guitar.
Charlie was in Boston the night Julia was murdered.
I don't know anything about him, other than his name.
I wonder why Harry is leaving.
Though she was alone, I didn't think she was lonely.
Your friend is very lucky.
We did real well.
I doubt if he'll come to school today.
She went on with the work.
George told Mary that he didn't think John was honest.
Oliver is already an hour late.
How could you tell Charlie and Julia weren't having fun?
Won't you please send this letter by Express Mail?
I cross my heart and hope to die that this will stay between us.
Don't you read the sports pages?
These flowers were sent by Harry.
I am very tired from the hard work.
Jack is going to be furious if you do that.
Monica shut the door to her room.
I thought maybe we could do that together later.
Oscar said that he didn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Do you know how to speak?
Muhammad told Julia to keep the windows opened.
I have a feeling that Harry needed to do that.
It will be quitting time before you get that done.
Olivia always does that by herself.
I will meet you at the station at 10 a.m.
The lessons of the second chapter are easier than those of the first.
They looked like they were trapped.
The electricity has been off since this morning.
Jami and Emma offered John thirty dollars to help them clean their house.
Everybody loved her.
Oliver doesn't have any friends here in Australia.
My father died a peaceful death last night.
Adam and Olivia told John that they thought Alice was fat.
Pull yourself together and stop crying.
James hasn't seen Monica in months.
I want to know what's behind it.
The old man approached.
George said that he wouldn't be able to buy everything he needed for $300.
I wanted to find who was responsible.
Oliver gave Emma all of his money.
That's a big deal.
Is this a rare problem?
His dance is excellent.
He ate cake and drank tea.
Alex has known Alice a long time.
Tomorrow is April 5th.
We can't keep this up for much longer.
You should've been able to do that.
How do you know that I even want that job?
What'll happen to him now?
Jami said that he thought that I would do that.
They say that they'll be busy tomorrow.
Oliver has a severe headache.
William thought Julia had already done that.
We're all going back to Australia together.
It does mean something.
I wish you a Happy New Year.
Maybe you didn't understand me.
Julia is very pretty, isn't she?
I'll do that again if I have to.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that by myself.
Charlie was lucky at first.
Adam and Eva know John lied to them.
It was the best tea Oscar had ever enjoyed.
My sister is engaged to him.
I wanted to go to the concert.
Laur bought a beer for herself.
You would have liked Alex.
The president of the university is likely to resign.
Charlie would know what to do.
Has Tony been watching TV?
Thanks for sharing this.
Anna had enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Sad movies always make me cry.
We're home free.
I'm glad that we went to Australia.
Nobody liked my country.
Are you going to come to Boston next weekend?
I'm not going to look.
Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.
My money was stolen by a thief.
Harry and I both enjoy watching horror movies.
I remember the first time that I ever saw Harry.
She's not feeling well.
Julia got the lead role.
Sometimes, it's easier to ask for forgiveness, than to ask for permission.
Come out quietly.
I want to play golf with Jami.
I really appreciate your offer to drive me to the station.
I can get home by myself.
We're the new owners.
Are you saying I was wrong?
Don't you think I'm more qualified?
Fortunately, William was able to do that.
Charlie wasn't as careful as he should have been.
I'm glad that you'll come.
He said he figured I could do that.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
There's nothing more you can do for me.
Catherine will take it.
Alex is the person who can make that happen.
If you don't want to come back, I'll understand.
Let's go to that fancy restaurant for dinner instead of lunch.
We will see each other again.
I don't think doing this would be worth our time.
I don't think Oscar and Eva really meant what they said.
I'd be grateful if you didn't do that.
Why is it so quiet suddenly?
My phone rang.
Jack has got things he needs to do.
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
I'll call you tomorrow.
What do you know about Jack that I don't?
Julia said she doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Harry has already decided that he's going to sign the contract.
I don't know anyone here, except for Jack.
We should ask Jack which one he thinks we should buy.
It's not too much to ask you to come to class on time.
I couldn't send my son away.
I've lost a very close friend.
Mary says that she's very rich.
Is there any good medicine?
Don't be self-conscious when you travel.
Didn't you know George was lonely?
You should call the police.
Jami drinks black coffee without sugar.
James says that he can read a French book.
I just want a fresh start.
I've been going over Oscar's file.
James was more successful than Julia.
We'll work with you.
Adam went to the hospital.
They said that they'd try to do that today.
What more can Oliver do?
I have what you want.
I admitted that I didn't like Tommy very much.
How long has he lived there?
They said they could do that today.
I know Harry is still doing that.
Bill is not as tall as you.
It's illegal!
I wish Julia's father would let me talk to her.
I asked Julia what she thought.
I had nothing to do with them.
I know I'm not yet ready to do that.
It is easier to go down a hill than to climb it up.
Oscar told me he had a knife I could borrow.
Jacob didn't even ask for my permission.
I've heard nothing but good things about Muhammad.
This is going to be good for you too.
The pilot is only twenty-six years old.
Very simply, because you are missing the point.
This is his formula.
I didn't think Jami and Valentina would eat what I made for them.
Harry will have thought of that.
It's a great honor to meet you.
You were going to the school.
"Where's Harry?" "He's got a date."
Now let's get down to work.
I don't think that she is working.
I'm not suggesting anything.
I was needed here.
What's their location?
Why can't you just be honest with me?
Eva is probably able to take care of herself.
I know that Jack is a businessman.
She heard him cry in the middle of the night.
I'll warn him.
It could take some time.
Alice told Jack that she thought John wasn't broke.
He was in the depth of misery.
I don't think Muhammad is smarter than you.
I heard a funny noise.
How can I write faster?
The ham arrived.
Nobody seems to know where George and Lucy are.
Let's go into my office.
She knows that she can't win.
Alex did that because everybody else did.
Tell Tommy that I need some money.
I haven't always been this busy.
Are they going to arrest Charlie?
I won't make fun of you.
Alex and Susie were the first ones to say they'd do that.
There are no girls in our class.
I know Jami plays the bass.
Jami told me that he thought that Monica was stupid.
Everyone knows Muhammad.
Anyone up for tennis?
The event starts at 5am.
I would have bought it.
I don't know why Jami and Lucy don't like me.
Why have I never heard of Oscar?
They admitted they weren't really sick.
Joe convinced Monica to buy him an expensive watch.
I had to leave early.
You're going to be OK.
It can't be done in the amount of time we have.
Susie finally took off her coat.
Have you ever seen the man in this photo?
I hear you've been hanging out with Charlie.
Jami isn't a university student.
Carmen was afraid that she was about to lose everything.
How beautifully she sings!
I don't know Charlie as well as you do.
Hunting accidents happen more often than most people realize.
I feel a deep connection to him.
Don't send it to me again.
Life can be cruel sometimes.
Olivia told Oliver she didn't want him to leave.
He's finished his homework.
I'll give you what you want.
Leave it off.
George can't remember his password.
I've been upset not having written you a reply.
Lucy has asked me to meet her at her office tomorrow at 2:30.
Was it Tommy who beat you up?
I was on close terms with him.
I know that Adam knows why Catherine did that by herself.
In a word, you hate me, right?
Jami sure was mad.
I've got homework to do.
She relaxed.
You're still a resident of Boston, aren't you?
Susie found the keys she thought she'd lost.
I'll do that again if Adam and Eva both want me to.
Adam is going to miss you a lot.
I don't think we have that kind of time.
Have you forgiven her?
Oscar has come back from Boston.
You should continue until you're satisfied.
I did it three years ago.
I'm going to pull over at the next gas station.
They said they were really curious.
I thought that what William said was clever.
Jack and Julia said that they enjoyed the show.
He has been ill for the past few days.
Get your hand off me.
We elected Adam chairman.
I thought that you were a ghost.
You like the way William did that, don't you?
Oscar found it difficult to finish all the work in just one day.
There are many stars in the universe that are larger than the sun.
They aren't very talented, are they?
Is it true that Tommy didn't win?
Did you want to meet with them?
He will excuse me.
They don't need to know that.
I wonder whether or not William will tell the truth.
I came only for you.
You finished all of the exams.
I think that you're the one that I've been waiting for for all these years.
But he knew he had no choice.
I didn't do what Charlie and Carmen said they wanted me to do.
Catherine thought that she would help out.
Oscar has given me a lot of help.
I put up a notice.
Look at that view.
I couldn't tell you even if I wanted to.
I admit it. I was wrong.
He is feeling very kind today.
I must speak to you about what your son did today.
James isn't being fair.
I can't just do nothing.
You want a job, don't you?
Where did I put the car keys?
I'll be with you in a few minutes.
Oliver always wants to sit in the front row.
I think Tommy and Eva have forgotten how to do that.
There's no need for you to be spending so much money.
We'll have to fight, I think.
She jumped into his arms.
There is a book on the desk.
Jacob has asked me to do that.
Alex and Emma say that they can't prove that John did that.
You suspect Tommy, don't you?
Oscar was in the car when that happened.
I knew what was going to happen.
What time did Joe go to bed?
We're at the top of our game.
It's nice to see you.
Does George really have a girlfriend?
Would you like to come out with me?
I didn't get on the bus.
Oliver is a master of the art in always being right.
I don't think George is crying.
They did not get a chance to try.
You might not find it.
Perhaps Muhammad and Mary are doing that right now.
We don't have to hide.
I thought that I heard voices.
We need Jami's experience.
She thinks she's a good cook.
That's exactly what Joe is doing.
William has decided to leave the company.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
The hotel we stayed at was very nice.
Why did you try to run away?
Jami said that he wished he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Oscar and Mary knew they might not be required to do that by themselves.
Don't tell Muhammad I'm here.
Jacob is always eager to help.
Nobody has been punished yet.
Did you get enough sleep?
This stone-dead guy had no friends.
William and Julia are old enough to take care of themselves.
Where's his home?
Joe said he thought Julia taught French.
This umbrella will be hers.
Stop shooting!
George thinks that Emma won't likely eat dessert.
Alex's girlfriend is older than he is.
Will they play together again?
I suppose you won't deny that.
We have specific proof of your innocence.
Someone's there.
I've thought about that a lot.
Harry is very successful, isn't he?
We had a good time in Boston.
I saw one today.
She said she'd been busy.
I play the guitar before dinner.
Jack and Emma told me they hated Christmas.
I told her everything.
Jack is very strict with his son.
Some people say there shouldn't be any secrets between friends.
We won't be staying in Australia for very long.
That was our only comfort.
Will you show it to me?
How many times do I have to say no?
I would have gone with you if you'd invited me.
Charlie and Alice know they have to do that today.
Is that a bad thing?
It will not rain tomorrow.
You asked George to do that for you, didn't you?
I'm responsible for them.
I have difficulty breathing.
Are you in Boston now?
That's not very easy.
You're sitting in Joe's chair.
I see the signs well.
Did George just leave?
I thought that you said that you weren't coming.
I didn't even know that Jack had to do that.
I'll tell you when to stop.
They said that they would never hurt anybody.
I have to share an office with Joe.
He helped himself to a cookie.
I will never forgive you because you did not stick up for me at the meeting.
Harry is never going to back down.
I saw her go inside.
Let me show you a better one.
The explosion that followed killed many people.
I have some shopping to do.
Let us settle the matter without a third party.
Jami is on his own now, isn't he?
If I am not mistaken.
I think that Joe does that all the time.
I may not see you ever again.
You look a little green.
I've always believed in you.
I think this is what you're looking for.
We won't be leaving town before spring.
Susie helped you, didn't she?
Oscar and Emma knew they didn't have enough time to do that.
Muhammad is probably just too scared.
Why don't you just go away?
He decided that he would do that.
Those gloves are Oliver's.
Prices are going to rise still further.
I'm not sure I want to touch that.
As I told you before, I have no choice.
Show me where you found them.
In his face!
I carried the message to him.
He was none other than the king.
She's on her way back home.
Everyone's looking at him.
I'm not counting your money.
Tommy showed up when we least expected it.
I have to be back in Boston by Monday.
I know about you and Tommy.
I don't think that there's any reason why Alex has to do that today.
I wish to become a dentist in future.
I don't particularly care for this painting.
I won't be paid until Monday.
Did you come here by car?
George and Lucy say that they weren't surprised at all.
It doesn't hurt.
If you want something, do whatever you need to do to get your hands on it.
I've had a very busy week.
You need to take a cold shower.
She stood there looking at me.
We must find a way to do that.
I planned to introduce him to her.
The pilot wasn't injured when the plane crashed.
You should have told me that you knew William.
Harry didn't realize I needed to do that.
Alice finished her sandwich.
I know that William doesn't know who's going to help him do that.
Today only 10 percent is covered.
That was the best part of the whole trip.
I figured that Oscar might be interested in helping.
Even though the girl looks easy to read, she's actually more than meets the eye.
Alex said he didn't believe you really did that.
George is very good at telling jokes.
It kept me occupied.
The idea is stupid anyway.
They bought themselves new computers.
How long do you intend to stay in Australia?
I asked William why he thought that was important.
They don't talk to us anymore.
I suspect that Jack and Anna don't speak French to each other.
Are James and Lucy coming to pick you up?
I sent you an email.
Let me introduce it.
I made that for them.
They said that they felt very tired.
Eva is right behind me, isn't she?
George said Susie was told not to do that here.
Do you think this has something to do with what happened here last week?
I knew Jacob wasn't as old as Alice.
How often do you do that with Oscar?
You met Margaret, didn't you?
These few months, this girl has almost never left her room.
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.
She is an outstanding poet.
Muhammad is the best French speaker in our family.
George wants to take it.
I don't know how to play golf at all.
I'll do that alone.
It is our turn to laugh.
Joe was very concerned.
The city has a wonderful place to take a rest.
I'm talking to my sister.
Put some pressure on this wound.
You should look up that word.
James is in terrible danger.
A deer ran for its life.
William is a French teacher.
The eagle is the king of the air.
William lied when he said he didn't like Julia.
James said Emma is willing to help John do that.
How long did it take for you to read this book?
Dan tried to settle the matter with Linda.
Valentina could do that for Jami if she wanted to.
She said that she did that for us.
Muhammad almost never smiles anymore.
Raise your flag!
I will not go to the length of saying such things.
Joe and Lucy both waited all afternoon for John.
Muhammad wouldn't mind if Laur did that.
Charlie and Catherine were discussing their problems with John.
Harry and I are about the same age.
It's nice to have you back.
You didn't tell James I wanted to do that, did you?
William thought that I was Monica's boyfriend.
He said he would keep from chatting.
It's a pain in the neck.
Charlie is ready for that, isn't he?
Harry and Eva were tired, so they went to bed early.
Susie is never late for school, is she?
I know George doesn't know why Carmen wasn't able do that.
Go ahead and take one.
Charlie looked like he was hungry.
You do a good job.
She said that she wanted to meet you.
We always tell each other everything.
She said she wouldn't wait for us.
Oliver is getting on my nerves.
You were sitting in front of the glass with beer.
She could not quite bring herself to adopt a child.
He stole out of the house without anyone seeing him.
Alex said he wants to be a teacher.
I'm actually doing that right now.
She put her money in the bank.
Jack should probably be fired.
You're not joking, are you?
You're wondering why I did it, aren't you?
She said that she plans to go Monday.
This story is especially interesting.
I know how you felt about them.
Obviously, I can't force you to do something you don't want to do.
I'd like to explain some things for you.
Olivia says she doesn't plan on doing that this week.
She has been chosen to lead the team.
Joe is going back to Australia on Monday.
I don't think James believed us.
Lift up your arms.
Oliver and Carmen say they don't believe you really did that.
Susie told me she can see ghosts.
We have been here for three weeks.
We didn't do much today, did we?
Soldiers are human beings, too.
You should take bus no. 5.
Heavy snow delayed the train for several hours.
It's no use arguing about it.
Alex and Emma said they don't plan on going with us this weekend.
I was told William has moved to Boston.
Do you speak Swedish?
You could really fix the error that you found in the sentence.
That never would've happened if you'd done what I told you to do.
Jami said that Emma is probably still in Boston.
How did you draw this picture?
I thought Olivia might ask Jacob to help her.
I had no idea you were planning on going to Boston.
Harry often goes there to play chess.
Valentina says she hopes Tommy likes to do that.
I think I can probably take care of myself.
Muhammad and Alice are eating lunch.
Alex is the one who recommended this book.
Joe works at a music store.
I think we're even now.
You run very fast.
He was denied that pleasure.
I hope I can meet Muhammad in Boston.
I think his opinion is of great importance.
Jacob can't be much different from ourselves.
It's an expression.
I had a telephone call from her.
Jack seemed to be alone.
The train is arriving soon.
I have nothing to do with him.
Add salt to taste.
It's going to be really lonely without you.
Jami and I are planning on getting a divorce.
He said that he'll do that for us.
I don't think James knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
Olivia and I rarely agree on anything.
Monica told me she'd look into it.
They said they like speaking French.
Jack has been telling everyone that he doesn't plan to attend the meeting.
Recently what with anxiety and lack of sleep, she has lost almost ten pounds.
Oscar is afraid that Olivia might do that.
Muhammad said he thought that I was being stubborn.
I never trusted him.
Both James and Anna covered their mouths.
I am in Rome now.
I would love to read a book on the history of laughter.
There’s no proof of that.
I didn't tell Charlie and Margaret why they needed to do that.
Jami put milk in his coffee.
Tommy asked Lucy to send him a copy.
Catherine isn't very bright, is she?
We'll get back to you.
Don't speak, just love me!
It doesn't matter if nobody comes.
Joe would like to fix it himself.
He got up an hour early this morning.
I often help Carmen, but she never helps me.
Why didn't your wash your hands?
Are you capable of doing that?
Neither Muhammad nor Mary has been a basketball coach for very long.
This banana is rotten.
I proved them wrong.
Don't sleep too close to the fire.
I think it was handled perfectly.
Would you please turn down the TV?
She put her baby to bed.
Don't you want to know what I'd do?
You must pay attention to what your teacher says.
Joe and I are both still under thirty.
Harry will probably get back from Australia on Monday.
James should consider not doing that again.
Adam still scares me.
Nobody wants to support my country.
Did you try on the dress before buying it?
Jack said he felt relieved.
It won't be an hard thing to do.
Fight or flight.
I want to stretch my legs.
Who brought lunch today?
She's been doing this for over twenty years.
I bought some cheese and milk.
Why are you so excited?
He knows us very well.
To choose time is to save time.
Ask Alex where he put his keys.
Soccer is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Which of these items do you see on your desk?
How peaceful!
Some days before the test, he put the wind up him properly.
I have more toys than you do.
She said that she was really unhappy.
That isn't going to help.
William seemed to be surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Jack said he's glad that he was able to help you.
Terrible shooting broke out the night before last.
I think Jacob and Monica need to be told that.
His name is known to everybody in our town.
Joe asked Anna a rather difficult question.
She introduced me to her sister.
I'll call you as soon as I get to Chicago.
You know that you want it to happen as much as I do.
Look what they're doing.
Look, I said no!
Please introduce me to the attractive girl who is talking with Alex.
I wonder if Jack and Laur are safe.
George said he liked it a lot.
What do you feel most proud of?
You just made a friend.
Most people agree.
What's the best advice that anyone has ever given you?
What Charlie says is very important.
I sent him home.
Hello? Hi! How are you?
We haven't had that happen yet.
What are you drinking, white or red?
Monica says that she doesn't want to eat anything.
I didn't expect to be asked to sing.
That is a boat.
I would as soon stay where I am as go to such a place.
I wonder if Alex really knew he needed to do that.
I want to work in a hospital.
Doing that won't be as difficult as you think.
I'd rather play football than go swimming.
Not true?
The year before last, we went to Europe.
Does Alex know we can't do that without his help?
George doesn't need to help me anymore.
That guy standing in the corner over there can finish a smoke in less than a minute.
James should be here any minute.
He knows he has to speak French.
Why don't we think about this for another week or so?
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.
My work is to wash my father's car.
I've already had coffee.
Were you at the cinema last night?
I haven't told you my dreams yet.
You just need some more practice.
Do you stay with Oliver when you're in Boston?
The snow stopped falling.
I've been seeing things.
Do you have it yet?
You want to learn how to do that, don't you?
I thought you said George and Lucy weren't going to be here.
I know that Jami didn't want be the next one to do that.
This new car will put other cars to shame.
Your brother bought a pink truck last week.
William is the only one who did that.
Charlie and Laur had to admit that they were wrong.
She's stubborn.
He's a professional photographer.
George doesn't speak unless he's spoken to.
The man is young.
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem?
George put all his money in the box and hid it in the back of his closet.
I just came by to tell you that I'm moving to Boston.
He painted a picture of roses.
Oh, shut up!
Don't tell me. Let me guess.
Oliver hasn't yet come down for lunch.
You just begin then God will help you.
You need to eat something before you go to work.
How many times are you going to make me say it? Do you know how many times I've tried to wake you up?
It is difficult to play the piano.
She said she needed to get some air.
Jami said he thought Alice was afraid.
Adam wanted to be in Australia last Monday.
Why are you so mad?
Who are you to tell her what to do?
Their car is parked near ours.
She has the flu.
Why shouldn't they let you pay for it?
Jami has big plans.
It was a difficult choice.
I don't think that Adam expected that to happen.
You really don't want to do this.
They say aliens had abducted them.
She shed tears.
I won't bother you anymore tonight.
Charlie and Laur know that John is smarter than they are.
I will call on you again.
The truck made a sharp right turn.
George is very sure Monica can do that.
I don't think that anyone saw us doing that.
They clearly suffered here.
Jami said that Valentina knew he didn't want to do that until 2:30.
However, I didn't know I wasn't speaking. I simply assumed I could.
Do you have any idea what Oliver and Catherine need to do?
That took far longer than it should have.
George is going to have plenty of time to do that next week.
Both Jack and Olivia know John wasn't the one who did that.
I think that you're a terrific kid.
He can't speak English, can he?
Who told you that you could park here?
Harry arrived home safely.
She turned around quickly.
I can't tell you much yet.
Joe and Carmen seem to be very close friends.
Charlie said Susie isn't ready.
I didn't think that Jami would permit Laur to do that.
I like your scarf.
This is the book that I borrowed from William.
My brother went to the United States to study law.
The old man sometimes talks to himself.
How are we doing?
I believe you've been looking for me.
Don't you think you should do that?
Oliver denied that he fell asleep during class.
Are you retired?
I cannot stand this heat.
His joke set everyone laughing.
The email that I sent previously was probably not clear. You don't need to submit anything.
William has done all he can.
Didn't you know Jack was a dentist?
There were a hundred people in the hall.
I lost my sense of reality at that moment.
Jami is waiting to pick up Valentina.
They scared you.
I think that Adam was a little tired.
You think Adam wouldn't be able to do that, don't you?
Lucky are those who have escaped safe and sound.
John and Beth are of an age.
Have you ever got on a boat?
I'm sorry to spoil your plans.
Goat meat is tasty and can be prepared in different ways.
I'll buy you anything you want.
They gained superior strength both by access of wealth and by rule over others.
Jack said that he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.
Eva told Muhammad she didn't want to help him.
I love games.
Is it true that you changed your name?
I wish I had a car as nice as Jacob's.
Alex seemed to be exhausted.
He may have been ill then.
Every man who saw it would get hot to be a warrior.
Susie has to do that before she can go home today.
Please prepare for departure.
I knew that George wouldn't do anything stupid.
We don't get many visitors around here.
I want you to tear up her pictures.
Gather your things.
I'm sure Tommy would have told me if he'd known.
It is impossible for you to be too careful of your health.
She didn't take part in our conversation.
I'll meet you at the hospital.
I do not think that he will come.
Just relax.
I know Alex would enjoy doing that with us.
The less you know, the better, OK?
Our school has adopted a new teaching method.
Harry sure looked angry.
It's been a while since we've spoken seriously.
She told me she'd won.
I suspect Oliver and Anna want us to help them do that tomorrow.
All of them were wearing black.
Do Oscar and Monica like your new haircut?
Oscar said that he knew that was what Laur should do.
Have you reached a decision?
What I told you about him also holds true for his brother.
Jacob asked Eva if she had been to Boston.
Take the subway right here.
What do you plan to major in in college?
George is concerned for your safety.
Jami kept his balance.
Is there any chance William is in Australia now?
I thought I was her best friend.
William couldn't have done that without you.
Jami is very lucky, isn't he?
Why not get a job?
If it's not one thing, it's another.
What would Jacob do if I wasn't here to tell him what to do?
Harry said that he thought Anna was asleep.
It sounds like Joe might go to Australia.
Why don't we go get something to eat?
Everybody expected Adam would win.
Nothing will help.
Charlie and Lucy went for a late-night swim.
Let's go say hi to Harry.
Jack said that he thought that Carmen might want to do that today.
I thought Joe would be safe there.
William wanted to travel around the world.
I didn't think that we should compromise.
He thinks he's found the answer.
They would think the person is modest or lazy.
Do you think there's a chance that will happen?
Books intended for young people will sell well.
Muhammad and Susie said they wouldn't let me do that anymore.
You looked dangerous.
Tommy is in jail now, isn't he?
She went to a single-sex school.
Joe just doesn't understand me.
"Are you calling me a thief?" "Yes, exactly."
You're very original.
Don't count me out.
I left with Dad's permission.
She said she wasn't likely to win.
I heard what you said, but it didn't sink in at the time.
Our Prime Minister is scheduled to meet with the Chinese Prime Minister tomorrow.
I was surprised I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I'm going to be just fine.
We can't make up our mind.
Alex is in an awful mood.
We had to help George.
You'll have your own bathroom.
They said that they didn't study French.
Muhammad, can you get us some water?
I'm not your enemy.
How did Eva know she wasn't supposed to do that?
I never realized you were such a good French speaker.
I'm hoping you can do that with me.
I don't really want to talk about that.
He gained weight.
Something has happened to this clock.
Alex said that he expected Julia to get home on Monday.
I'd be disappointed if Alex did that.
She's a good woman.
Joe breaks more promises than he keeps.
James looks a lot older than Emma.
Oscar will be back in a moment.
It isn't Christmas, is it?
When did you last tell me that you love me?
He is a little over forty.
May I assist you?
You know some Japanese.
Let me explain our situation.
I thought Jami did that pretty well.
Harry wants to be like me.
Margaret is exhausted, isn't she?
There were survivors.
She didn't like her sandwich.
Charlie took a picture of his dog and sent it to Julia.
Jacob said that he knew Valentina might need to do that by herself.
Julia said she wasn't impressed.
Tell me what you're looking for and I'll help you find it.
You're the one Charlie wants to talk to.
I'll go to Hawaii by ship.
He needed a new computer.
I'm hiding from him.
You need not wash the dishes after meals.
Adam hopes that he'll be able to win.
I really liked what you said earlier.
If James goes, I won't go.
They got exactly what they wished for.
Oscar was afraid of getting caught.
He will change his mind again.
Should I have asked you first?
Can this possibly be the right address?
Tommy looked a bit surprised.
You're thirsty, aren't you?
She spoke to me about her plans.
I wonder whether we're safe.
When will you visit us?
Notice anything different?
You don't seem too worried.
Where's the changing room?
Oliver told me he thought Eva was rich.
I wanted it.
They claim that they've never done that.
I'm not going to permit Oliver to do that.
We're here to support Joe.
I know that isn't why you're here.
I can go.
Charlie said that he had to go there tomorrow.
We read the letter again and again.
Where did you dig that up?
Is love frightening to anyone you know?
Jacob and Monica said that they weren't adopted.
What's happening to us?
Should I buy a black car or a blue car?
You never know when to quit.
We have other things we need to buy.
He had no sooner got the letter than tore it in two.
Don't you have an opinion?
Both of Julia's ex-husbands live in Australia.
Everybody knew Jami.
I hope Tommy and Olivia have fun.
Joe didn't seem to be worried about what might happen.
If you went straight home like you said you did, how come I saw your car parked outside the pub?
They chose me for that.
It's not my fault that it happened.
I was surprised at the news.
Jami is a teacher at a local high school.
I want Adam to leave.
I was the only one left.
How many times a day do you brush your teeth?
I thought that you said you'd still like to do that.
We're real excited about it.
I asked Oscar if he was planning on doing that.
What does Alex have against you?
I'm convinced that I'm right.
It's hard to tell when Harry is upset.
We're having difficulty finding Adam.
I may need to wait a bit longer.
I think Adam could go to Australia with you.
I don't teach them to swim.
They ate until they were full.
Alex is going on a business trip.
She says that she'll wait for us.
I asked George to throw me the keys.
It's a worrying matter.
James seems to be really worried about something.
Would you leave your husband for me?
Tommy's choking.
Adam and Alice are just trying to protect you.
Never read the comments section.
He's the same age as me.
James is naughty.
You people are always very unfair to me.
Soon we saw a house whose roof was red.
Harry told me I need to be at today's meeting.
I asked Jami to do that as soon as possible.
I don't have to follow her.
Jami and Laur said they would do that for me.
William is so fat he can hardly walk.
George and I are unlikely to do that today.
He is washing his car.
They put on their hats and went outside.
Joe knows Mary needs to do that.
There are many urgent things to do.
I couldn't have solved this case without you.
The longer someone remains a child, the longer their life will be.
You can't do that to James.
I wish I had come here by train.
If you have lied once you will never be believed ever again, even if you are speaking the truth.
It isn't easy to quit smoking.
Take off your wet clothes.
Joe and Eva said they never had to worry about money.
She just does what she has to do.
The student is reading at the library.
If you're not busy, could you please help me?
The female student that sat in front of the teacher is from Germany.
James has done everything possible.
I wasn't driving fast.
Oliver thought that Catherine had already done that.
They don't have a shed.
It may not be ready yet.
Alice suggested that I go to Boston with her.
Does she think she's funny?
I'll tell Tommy that when he comes back.
WHO stands for World Health Organization.
I went on with my reading.
Let's not bother Charlie with this.
Jami told me that he thought that Valentina was full.
They seem to be having fun.
Charlie thinks that Lucy won't do that.
Harry wondered why Olivia moved to Boston.
The train is due to arrive here in 5 minutes.
William said Julia went to Australia with him.
Was it you who told Oscar he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
In my eyes, he is wrong.
We can't change that.
Jack wasn't the only person who was arrested.
James knows that I wanted to go with him.
I was the last one to see them.
I tried to get George to learn how to drive.
I know Jami can probably do that sometime today.
Jacob told me that he thought that Emma was curious.
You saw it, too.
I'm not trying to be funny.
What did you do yesterday evening?
She laughed happily.
It would probably be cheaper to do that yourself.
I see them quite often.
Isn't there anything we can do to help?
Alex is putting the children to sleep.
Monica went to her spinning class.
I think it is my business to study hard.
I'm supposed to be on duty now.
You don't plan on doing that, do you?
This looks delicious.
I promise I won't hit anybody.
James and Lucy will unlikely be able to do that by themselves.
You stopped Charlie from doing that, didn't you?
What's the point now of buying books written by a bunch of old men?
Do you know where I can buy one of those?
We waited for Helen at the library for an hour, but she didn't appear.
The box is light.
Anna is upstairs, crying in her room.
Jack, do you like long hair or short hair on girls?
I'd like to be with Harry.
Some of you will have problems doing this.
Do you sometimes give your younger sister money?
She's not here.
I know more than you could possibly imagine.
You can't keep secrets from me!
Adam reminds me a lot of my dad.
Tommy looked under his seat.
Catherine said she'd call me right back.
Harry wasn't expecting Laur to win.
Why don't you just go back and talk to Harry?
You can never tell how long these meetings will last.
Who asked Jack to do that?
The cows seem happy.
We want to know what happened.
I can't understand her way of thinking at all.
James gave Margaret his heart.
Take your hand out of your pocket.
I got stopped by the police.
Oliver said that he was hoping that Carmen would do that for him.
He hopes that he can do that.
I forgot to do my French homework.
Who do you think would help us?
A lot of people are now trying to sell their houses.
I have reason to think that we'll never see William again.
They let their dogs loose in the yard.
Is it here?
I know William didn't whether he could do that or not.
Jacob had better watch out.
Olivia said that she felt embarrassed.
I saw George kissing another girl.
Alex will likely be home now.
I know that Alex would agree to do that.
I was eating dinner.
We got up to greet them.
All you have to do is to work harder.
I know Jacob would still be willing to do that.
You look pale. Shall I call the doctor?
I think you already have enough money to buy what you need.
I don't need Alex's help anymore.
He got exactly what he asked for.
Recently we have brought our office equipment up to date.
If we do that now, we won't have to do it tomorrow.
I think that William has relatives in Boston.
Jacob was my first crush and my first love.
I hope you found everything.
Let us show you how it's done.
I'm still seeing her.
Oliver and Olivia said that they were glad that that was going to happen.
Never swim while under the influence of alcohol.
Muhammad knew that there was a possibility Valentina would show up late.
Muhammad wants to understand the meaning of life.
Their mother is Russian.
You may shut the door.
Great! The coffee is hot.
I think that Charlie really believes that.
George and Emma need to pay what they owe.
Adam has been getting some very interesting results.
That's one of my concerns.
I thought I was happy.
I'm sorry for your grief.
She doesn't need sympathy, but support.
I was hoping for more.
He felt awkward after she kissed him.
Joe didn't seem surprised when I told him I didn't want to do that.
Let's have a good time.
Anna passes by Adam's house on her way to school.
Jacob and I are both Julia's ex-boyfriends.
They are gathering nuts.
Jacob goes to the market if and only if Catherine goes to the market.
Jami is breathing normally.
I spend a lot of time in Australia.
He may have everything he wants.
Try to come early.
Joe left his wife at home with the children.
I got back home earlier than I thought I would.
His brother was nasty to me.
I didn't do that because I didn't want to.
Adam isn't yet ready to do that.
The movie theater was empty.
They're doing their part.
I suspect that William and Mary are in love with each other.
He says he's learned a lot.
Can I get you a coffee?
Jacob is pretty laid back, isn't he?
Why don't you let us help you?
I don't use a cane anymore.
Oscar never grows tired.
He is indeed a clever boy.
Not far from the village, a shell exploded.
Jami's place is easy to get to.
Muhammad must've forgotten to tell Eva that.
That room is very long.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that in less than three hours.
I will not allow you to be ill-treated.
She's my favorite character.
Oliver told me that he thought Margaret was pleased.
Carmen didn't tell James her last name.
I had to change the plan.
I didn't see anyone else waiting in front of the station.
You have to use your brains in this work.
I'm going to do this myself.
My wife is Chinese.
I have to arrange my hair.
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
George said he was hoping we'd do that.
Jack must be innocent.
Alex doesn't like it here.
That's not what I wrote.
Jami wouldn't sit down.
You shouldn't drink this water.
I definitely won't do that.
We're still married.
Alex and Catherine said that they'd win.
Walking free.
Exactly.
I never meant to hurt you.
Harry can be helpful when he wants to be.
Jacob quietly opened the door and looked into the room.
Jacob doesn't want to try doing that again.
What do you mean I have too much personality?
Oliver and Carmen always get their own way.
How does one stop smoking?
Perhaps she doesn't remember my birthday.
He was able to do that on his own.
Did Tommy say he was going to walk to school tomorrow?
That's correct.
Have I ever told you how I became a circus clown?
Jack doesn't know where to look for Julia.
Oscar and Carmen said they weren't aware of any problems.
Where did she go to in Australia?
What are their names?
I'm not scared of anybody.
Money, as such, has no meaning.
How much more money does Adam need?
Where did Joe get that hat?
I was thinking the exact same thing.
I know James was offended.
Here's what I'm doing.
It could be a problem.
She's a very wise mother.
I think I'll have time to do that this afternoon.
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.
Do you have your coat on?
I need some answers from you.
I don't find it a problem.
I don't think this is the best way to do this.
Tommy can't afford to visit Japan.
I'm not sure whether I should press the red button or the blue one.
William told me that he was teaching French.
James has three children from a previous marriage.
There are some talented kids in that group.
I wish Muhammad would show me how to do that.
In June, it rains day after day without stopping.
I'm in touch with Jacob.
Alex said he'd be back next Monday.
I wonder whether James really said that.
I'm sure Adam will do that today.
I wish I could do that, but I can't.
I wish I could say this was shocking.
Alex shut his laptop.
One who loves flowers cannot be a bad person.
Can anyone be happy without money?
This letter bears no signature.
I am eating a banana.
I gave myself a month.
Alex didn't want to go with Lucy.
I saw Alex sneaking out the back door.
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes.
Tell Oliver that I'm too tired to help him.
Why don't you admit your mistake?
Where can Harry be?
James fooled us all.
When do I get what I want?
Pay your fare here.
William never wanted to do that.
This is his opinion.
I didn't know why I wasn't supposed to go to that part of town.
Oscar was born into a poor family.
We will miss you badly.
What takes you only three days, takes me three weeks.
Oliver wasn't fighting.
We've got news for you.
Oscar is charming.
There are some things in this world that, no matter how much you wish for them, will never come true.
I love my wife and I wouldn't hurt her.
You may get injured if you do that.
Don't close the gate. Just hold on.
Harry is planning a surprise party for Valentina.
I didn't intend to call Oliver.
I know the real reason for his absence.
Tommy didn't tell Anna his real name.
You have to solve your problems yourselves.
Catherine is waiting, isn't she?
I haven't yet told anyone what I need to do.
Lucy said that she liked the idea.
There are rules, but no one follows them.
She was so close to me that I could have touched her.
She became wealthy thanks to hard work.
I need to go and get ready.
I know that Oscar and Susie are married.
It was clear that James was supposed to do that yesterday.
This laptop belongs to me.
I hope to see Jami soon.
Thanks to his bold decision, he was able to ride out the crisis.
I can go there, wherever you want.
Tell me when it's time to go.
Don't delay today's work until tomorrow.
Giving up what you want is hard, but sometimes we have no other choice.
He became world-famous for his discovery.
Right. So you had three months.
You don't have the right to make a call here!
Are you afraid of something?
I asked him where I could park my car.
I think Jacob will like that.
Jacob doesn't look very relaxed.
I know there's a room available.
"How do I look?" "You look beautiful."
I knew that Jack would allow Lucy to do that.
I think I'll take this one.
I thought someone had taken care of this already.
She sacrificed her life for us.
Joe wasn't able to answer Lucy's question.
Adam is too fat.
Don't let Jack get near me.
He made the best of his small income.
Home is where the heart is and my heart is always with my family.
I'm not as stupid as people think.
It's not about the money, is it?
Harry is unable to move.
I'm too tired to do anything else.
Charlie realized everybody was looking at him.
Where would you start?
What did they steal from you?
May I have your room number?
Why is Joe always so mean?
William says he didn't know Anna wouldn't do that.
You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
Alice took everything to her office.
Muhammad and Catherine said they'd fill out the application form for me.
Jack and Julia help anybody that asks them.
He's devoted to his work.
Alex cut himself with a razor.
Harry put the plan into practice.
Do you feel like doing that now?
We are all in the hand of God.
No one has ever kissed James.
I learn by heart.
I've already told Tommy what I plan to do.
The scene of the traffic accident was a horrible sight.
I don't think I need to go shopping today.
Who cares what happens to her?
She's going to be in charge.
Anna held out her hand.
I read the book up to page 80 yesterday.
Jacob won't talk to you.
I heard you got fired.
Are you still Muhammad's lawyer?
"How many times did you kiss him?" "Just once."
Can I count on you?
I don't think it'll be easy to do that.
Oliver is a pretty good farmer.
She's really smart, isn't she?
I know that Jack is a pretty good hockey player.
I booked one.
How did you know my name?
Oliver said Julia knew that he might be required to do that.
I told Monica how proud I was of her.
I then began to understand.
I should've told Oscar to wait.
One day Harry just up and left.
You can't talk about politics here.
I doubt very seriously Oliver will be arrested.
At your age, you try to act like a young man.
They said that they might possibly do that.
Something's coming.
I have a theory.
I told you not to turn on the lights.
He worked for five hours on end.
Tommy started dating Susie last year.
Why did she skip lunch today?
I can understand Arabic, but I can't speak it.
Humans are the only animals that can use fire.
Look James, it's stopped raining!
Those shoes have been reduced.
I live with my girlfriend.
How much money did you give Adam?
That's certainly one possibility.
We're all going to die anyway.
Oliver thought I was making it up.
Words can't describe it.
Jami is working, isn't he?
She says she won't mind.
I asked Oliver if he'd like to do that with us.
Do you want to hold my dog?
I should make a reservation.
Tommy doesn't seem to find that annoying.
It was obvious that he wanted to kiss her.
So you are back again.
They pretend to be man and wife.
Jacob said that he thought that Margaret would be hungry.
Those aren't mine.
Muhammad and Olivia wanted to help, but they didn't have time.
They're all waiting.
Do you know why Jack is mad?
They said that they were all alone.
I had him repair my watch.
You never said anything.
James was sitting on the edge of the bed.
You can drive a car, can't you?
Mary didn't know whether she should believe James or not.
She's now a college student.
You seem distracted.
Don't watch too much TV.
I think Charlie would like you to do that for him.
Tell me what that man is like.
I don't think anybody noticed what we were doing.
Who was that sitting in front of you at the movies?
I thought you said you wanted Joe to do that with you.
He never talks about his children.
I'll give a copy to anyone who asks for it.
Divide the cake between you two.
I knew I wouldn't win.
I've found myself a new girlfriend.
You can't learn here! This is a school!
I thought you hated me.
I'll call you when I get to the station.
The lemon is a sour fruit.
She made a fool of herself.
I have a lot of fun when I'm with Oliver.
Muhammad told Anna that he was going to show her some old pictures.
Just tell me what to do and I'll do it.
They're not soldiers.
Jack is new, isn't he?
I don't think that anyone knows about that yet.
Try to stay calm.
I'm pretty sure Muhammad has finished his homework.
That would help.
I need to make up the time lost.
I'd like to go to Australia again.
In this job, one error would send you straight to jail.
I didn't think Jami and Olivia were that fat.
I dropped Harry off at the airport.
I had fun at school today.
James spends a lot of time in his room studying.
Last night, Mr. A called me up to say he couldn't attend today's meeting.
I wonder why George and Lucy are so worried.
It's not the same thing.
I have to borrow some money.
Adam knows where the money is hidden.
I knew that Jack wouldn't be able to do that.
She thinks that she knows everything.
I don't think Harry knows why Mary has to do that.
Hang in there, guys.
Tommy has decided that he's going to come early.
It's easier to cut wood with the grain.
Harry is in the parking lot.
What time do you leave work?
William will know what to do, won't he?
If he is tired, let him go to sleep.
Shut your mouth, Muhammad.
These are the most painful memories I have of my childhood.
They have the most direct effect on people's lives.
It was poison gas.
He said he felt guilty.
I don't know why I even bother to try to explain things to you anymore.
I wasn't very hungry when I got home, but I'm really hungry now.
She definitely meant what she said.
It was very funny.
Adam helped Emma.
I used to eat a lot of junk food.
I had a healthy breakfast.
I don't have enough money to buy the coat I want.
It's time for us to start thinking about how we can improve the situation.
You are not supposed to be an artist.
Muhammad said doing that was more easier than he expected.
If you mess with drugs, you're asking for trouble.
I love my mum.
She said that she was very sick.
Jami lives in Australia now.
Julia eats chocolate ice cream whenever she can.
There are all sorts of things to learn.
It's quite possible Harry will do that.
Jacob and Lucy said they're glad you're coming.
You two just looked so happy together.
I've already told Muhammad that I plan on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
I'd rather tell him in person.
I suspect that Oliver and Mary want us to help them do that.
George and Eva said they weren't lucky.
Jack and Valentina were both thirsty.
They said they couldn't speak French.
He looks after his mother.
Joe is quick to learn.
You can give me a ride, can't you?
Oscar and Eva must take care of themselves.
The girl swimming in the pool is my cousin.
I told Joe what I saw.
Catch them.
I don't get much mail.
I might not come back.
Don't tell me what I'm supposed to do.
She was pretty, wasn't she?
I did say that, but I didn't mean it.
None of them is a driver.
I want it in my office.
I think Oliver and Susie are OK.
It's totally cool.
William is tough, isn't he?
I don't know why Adam and Margaret hate each other.
I'm saving this bottle of wine for a special occasion.
You go away.
I'm kind of hungry now.
Your clothes are extremely beautiful.
We're only friends.
James said he thought Olivia was lonely.
They had fun with us.
Do you think it's true?
He was so fortunate as to escape death.
Tommy said he thinks that Eva won't eat very much.
A stop sign in Japan has 3 sides, whereas a stop sign in the U.S. has 8 sides.
Please turn on the TV.
It might not be worth much, but you have my support.
Jami says he'll call you later.
I'm pretty sure that Jack will do that.
It's not what he said, but the way he said it.
I don't think it means anything.
The storm did a lot of damage.
They make a perfect couple.
They needed one another.
Joe met Margaret in the hotel lobby.
Why would I ask Harry to do that?
Eat your food.
Are Oliver and Mary still hungry?
I love working with kids.
We'll have a chance to do that tomorrow.
Joe said he thought that I might win.
You're the one I want to go to Australia with.
We were in bed when my baby disappeared.
Do you really feel sorry for Alex?
She and her team are ready.
They said they didn't want me to sing.
What's up with you?
I thought that you'd be older.
Have you caught the first toy train?
Do you record your calls?
William says everybody he knows has done that.
Joe sat next to somebody he didn't know.
Alex and Olivia say that they won't get married.
It's James that I want to see.
These are Jack's.
Oscar said that he would be back right away.
They said that they did that for us.
The important thing to us is a friend.
The thing that impressed me the most in China was the Chinese.
Take it off.
Jack said he didn't feel hot.
One billion people speak English.
Jami's dream is to travel around the world with Mary.
I wonder whether we forgot to tell Alex and Alice they needed to do that.
I did warn him.
Joe would have done that by himself if he could've.
Jami's knees were slightly sore from walking mile after mile.
Muhammad should tell Anna he won't go to Australia with her.
I should have worked harder.
Adam thought Monica's joke was hilarious.
Even a cat may look at a king.
I have a weird neighbor.
Julia said she wanted revenge.
I ate a banana for dessert.
It is kind of you to give me a ride.
George said that he's been robbed three times.
I enjoyed watching soccer last night.
This plan is far from perfect, but it's the best plan we have.
I still have to go to Boston three more times this year.
I don't want you to scare William away.
Laur will be sorry she didn't do that.
We are a lot stronger than you thought.
I didn't think Jami would let me kiss him.
Is this really all that important?
It was yesterday that I saw him.
James and Olivia haven't come yet.
She's pushing her luck.
Muhammad seems to have left town in a hurry.
Who does Alex think is going to be there?
Have a good day at work.
Jacob said that he was willing to help us out.
Is this your girlfriend?
If the weather is beautiful, if it is ugly, it is my habit to go at 5 in the evening to walk at Palais-Royal.
I can't do anything about that now.
Do we have time for this?
Monica did what she'd planned to do.
That doesn't seem right to me.
Laur wants to have a second child.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.
Muhammad is going to Boston next week.
I know that James is the kind of person who'd do that.
Ben also has something to do with the matter.
He's lived here his whole life.
Oliver told me that he's depressed.
George has a good knowledge of French.
She knows I'm older than she is.
Emma said she heard the gunshots.
William said he's not going anywhere.
I really felt good.
I sold it and paid my debt.
I've trained for months.
We just need to finish.
I'm supposed to do everything by myself.
Are you sure Laur didn't do what she said she did?
He asked me whether I was busy.
Tommy seemed to be dizzy.
Even an intelligent child couldn't understand this.
He has promised that he'll do that.
Jacob could barely breathe.
Would you please let me know when it would be convenient for us to meet?
I received my birthday present.
What does the special taste like?
Mom and dad came home.
We will rescue her.
Muhammad lived there.
The ship cut her way through the waves.
We'll leave you alone.
I'm feeling nothing.
I wish you a nice day!
I love twilight.
George was afraid that Julia would laugh at him.
Charlie said that Valentina would've done that by herself if she could've.
She knew she wouldn't win.
It's already been three months since I did that.
I'll see how Muhammad is.
I know that Jack is more likely to do that today than he was yesterday.
I went to Australia for three days on a business trip.
I knew very little about them.
They said that they didn't feel like eating.
Please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood.
We should try to understand one another.
His wife never found out.
I don't think that I like what Jami is doing.
Alex and Monica say that they'd hurt their backs.
What did they ask you to do?
I think that Oliver won't be through doing that by 2:30.
She cleaned her room before dinner.
They drowned in the ocean.
I thought Mary would be shocked, but she wasn't.
I didn't say we couldn't figure it out.
Jacob and Catherine worked in a coal mine as children.
I can't remember what happened next.
Adam said he was much happier now.
I know George is a French teacher.
We're going to get married.
He was an entire stranger to us.
Jacob doesn't know exactly when Susie will get home.
Adam has fallen in love with Valentina.
I'll join you all later.
I can't believe we're really married.
They say that they like speaking French.
This is a great theory.
Jacob and Eva promised that they'd help us on Monday.
We'd better go look for them.
I don't think Jami and Laur know what's in there.
I like waking up to music.
She said she might do that.
I can't believe George hasn't called.
Nobody wants to come.
He spoke to me about his plans.
Nobody is here.
Joe is ready to lead.
I don't know why George and Olivia weren't here today.
I'm not gonna tell him I didn't find you.
The half of the Moon facing the Sun is always lit, but the lit side does not always face the Earth.
Return home?! I prefer to stay here!
I am trying to conquer his heart.
James wasn't perfect.
I don't understand this at all.
It is interesting how he learned Japanese cooking.
He showed me how to make a cake.
William told Alice that he thought John wasn't upstairs.
I have nothing on for today.
My mouth was suddenly dry.
Allow me to do that for you.
Eva paid someone to do that for her.
I have a stone in my shoe.
Oscar might have a crush on Carmen.
Alice felt she had to say something.
I would have written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
That's why Tommy carries a gun.
That's up to them, not me.
It was just like that.
How will this make a difference?
The nurse told me that it wasn't supposed to hurt.
When did Jack and Alice have time to do that?
I got up a minute ago.
You're right for now.
James didn't know I could do that, so he asked Emma to.
James doesn't think that Alice will be in Australia next spring.
Tommy said he didn't know Laur couldn't speak French.
James forgot to bring his tennis racket.
George had difficulty learning French.
This is the passage to the sea.
It's OK to admit it.
James will never let that happen.
It's the most natural question in the world.
If he were a bachelor, I would marry him.
Read such books as will be useful in later life.
Was the wallet you found Joe's?
He's right behind you.
I know you had no choice.
Alex and Mary wouldn't have been able to get their homework done if John hadn't helped them.
All the students were against the war.
I wasn't allowed to help Adam.
When I write poems, the words come from somewhere outside me.
Tommy won't let his children go on a school trip.
I know Tommy would never do that again.
Leave the poor kid alone.
It's been three years since I last saw James.
They didn't have to go there themselves.
I don't think Adam is a good lawyer.
I can't let Alex do that anymore.
Harry would have been able to do that.
That girl knows German and English.
Harry usually does that in the afternoon.
Jami asked Margaret some questions, but she didn't answer any of them.
William said that Eva probably wasn't scared.
Harry is all words and no action.
Cookie's mother died of cancer.
You can't go out.
I don't understand what that means.
Jami died a long time ago.
James didn't hear the gunshots.
It'll take at least one more hour to finish writing this report.
We're partners in crime.
The report states that there will be a depression.
Adam said he knew that it was time to leave.
I don't know how it works.
George talked about what had happened.
Oliver stayed at his uncle's house.
I blame William for that.
Humans are born every second.
We went to the library together.
I think she likes him.
I knew Jack had agreed to do that.
William asked Valentina to slow down.
Go and apologize to her.
Jim got down from the tree.
Jami explained the matter to Julia.
They told me that they don't eat pork.
He comes to school by bus or train.
He is but a child.
I think that Jack and Carmen should get married.
I don't think Tommy and Anna would be doing that if they didn't need to.
Jacob and I usually agree on things like this.
I told William that he should drive to Boston.
Charlie and Monica often drank chocolate milk when they were kids.
I didn't realize that Tommy and Susie both had to do that.
Harry and Julia told me they cried.
I helped Adam decide what to do.
How do we survive?
Jacob tried to drink his problems away.
Alice died when she was very young.
The time is right.
Bring your brother with you.
Who's your favorite professor?
I usually have breakfast at seven.
I'm so glad Oscar and Margaret get along so well.
Alex doesn't want Monica to know that he doesn't know how to do that.
I shouldn't wonder if they came after all.
Jami wasn't able to do everything he promised that he'd do.
He never speaks of his own job.
Which bag is Adam's?
He can't sing.
I will do whatever you ask.
That's totally crazy.
I know I'll die soon.
They put down their books.
Jacob asked for more water.
Charlie looks very concerned.
Muhammad said that Catherine should do that someplace else.
I assumed Jami was there.
I have to finish cleaning it up.
Tommy said that I looked relaxed.
You don't have to help me.
You've still got a place to live.
I didn't know you had a dog.
I wanted James put in jail even more than you did.
He burst out laughing.
Harry wanted Catherine to learn how to drive.
Old men are children twice over.
Oliver asked Emma to let him go.
You're free to say what you think.
That's what I want from you.
I have a bad pain here.
Charlie says he didn't know about it.
This language has only one sentence.
After supper, she cleared the table.
Oliver said that he's looking forward to being retired.
Harry is no longer working.
It isn't possible to live forever.
I know George likes classical music.
Come and see what Muhammad and Margaret are doing.
You hid behind the tree.
She knew what she was doing.
Tommy was about to fall asleep when he heard a knock on the door.
Nobody saw me.
William asked me to draw a map.
You knew that Adam wasn't likely to do that, didn't you?
I live here now.
I'll take them home now.
We really get on and often go to each other's place.
Japanese people take three meals a day.
Tommy and Susie should stay where they are.
This is his last chance.
We were all shocked.
I wish I were you.
Did you see Muhammad at school today?
She doesn't drink.
Julia got excited when she heard that.
You need to pay closer attention.
Jack and Valentina said that they didn't have a lot of money.
We like the same things.
Do William and Carmen have to do this?
It's no secret Alex doesn't like you.
Harry needed to make sure that Catherine knew what she was supposed to do.
I don't think that Alex has any idea where Valentina is now.
Oliver wasn't allowed to tell Monica everything he knew.
I don't care what he does.
Oscar and Valentina will probably be able to do that faster by themselves.
We need a doctor. It's an emergency.
Would it be a good idea to do that?
Are there green?
She looked as though she had seen me somewhere before.
I'll be present at the party with pleasure.
What would you propose?
Oliver wasn't the first person the police arrested.
Surely we can get in touch with Joe.
If you push the button, the door will open.
Can you come over this afternoon?
I've got more money than Oscar has.
Stop! That's enough alcohol for tonight.
Come on, hurry up! It's urgent.
I have orders.
The church was packed.
Harry went back to his bedroom.
James hasn't ever waited for anybody.
Can you follow me?
Do you think it might cause sickness?
The patient is always complaining of a headache.
Jack and Laur can buy whatever they want.
Jack had good reason to be mad.
What is dark matter?
The one who did that was James.
She's lying about her age.
You have a good heart.
How thin is too thin?
I did not stay there.
I wore glasses when I was a teenager, but I don't anymore.
He lost his reason when he saw his house burned down.
Are you here on Friday evening?
The ring, please.
Alex is playing with his toys.
You don't take anything with you when you die.
In my language, the musical notes are c, d, e, f, g, a, and b.
Hit up on the D-pad, and the background music will change as the background itself becomes the Demon King's castle....
And when he had heard the causes of his journey, he answered: Thou art my bone and my flesh.
During an experiment on powers of observation, Harry was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.
Global sea level has been rising over the past century, and the rate has increased in recent decades.
"Let the English and the French take all the land they want," said the Indian chief. "But they want to take all the land between the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean, is it OK?" said William.
Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit. As it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.
There are those who argue that the existence of nuclear weapons has helped to maintain peace.
Federal budget cuts will take a bite out of Social Security benefits.
If I were the restaurant owner, I would tell the staff to serve the customers with a smile.
Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end.
Dan landed onto the roof of a passing van.
I am your fellow citizen because I, too, am an Italian national.
San Francisco is known for its fog and its hills among other things.
Relations between the Soviet Union and the western Allies were mixed.
Earth is the only known planet to have consistent, stable bodies of liquid water on its surface.
Detective Dan Anderson was assigned to join U.S. Marshal Brown's team.
A lot of reports came to the policeman that a wild monkey was found.
A week is divided into seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Nine million people voted in the election.
Language death is loss of precious scientific data.
Harry is a rock and roll star.
Don't worry, sweetheart, you'll see Mommy and Daddy again.
He then bound his son, and took up his sword, in order to sacrifice him in the ancient manner.
I heard Roger Waters perform The Wall live.
His American name (Santa Claus) is a clear reference to Saint Nicholas, who died in Asia Minor on the 6th of December sometime during the 4th century.
The letters q, w and x exist in English.
The police detective carefully collected samples for DNA testing.
I can tell a noble tale for the occasion, with which I will now match the Knight's tale.
And the land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give to thee, and to thy seed after thee.
Mr Harry Jones has agreed to serve as the project leader for this new work item.
This is incredible! How do you hit a winner from that position?!
Harry was given a life sentence for killing a security guard.
George saw a notice on a lamp post offering a reward for the return of a lost dog that answers to the name of Monica.
After Grandma's sudden death, Grandpa began to age rapidly.
I bet my bottom dollar he is innocent.
Chris cannot control his passion for the lovely new girl in town.
English was the language of freedom in South Africa.
Roger Miller's "Dang Me" was a hit with country music fans and with popular music fans too. It sold millions of copies.
Jeff wore the tie that Kim had given him for a birthday present.
The scientists placed wires on the dogs' heads to measure electrical activity in the brain.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
I only buy super soft toilet paper.
I have nothing particular to mention with regard to the affair.
I think that the Harry Potter series is longer than the Bible.
Let me be thy proper servant, who took him into my trust, and promised, saying: If I bring him not again, I will be guilty of sin against my father for ever.
Jacob owns a shell company in the British Virgin Islands.
Harry was the star witness in Valentina's trial.
Many men left for the West in search of gold.
I want to build my corporate site to attract customers.
Dan committed suicide to avoid arrest.
The Supreme Court is located near the Imperial Palace.
The gang is in Jack's basement playing cards.
Bow hunting season opens today.
If I could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
National pride counts among those things which I don't understand.
We have hundreds of records in stock.
You should be sensitive to your partner's emotional needs.
I have a gold credit card.
As cultural exchange continued between the two countries, their mutual understanding became even deeper.
Ringing its bell, the train runs over the guard's foot.
Happiness and success in life do not depend on our circumstances, but on our efforts.
When you shake hands with a Greek, count your fingers.
The witch cast a spell on the naughty boy.
This fake news story was shared over a million times on Facebook.
Max explained to Julie why he could not go to her farewell party.
We must focus on building a solid grass-roots movement.
Soldiers go on patrol in a military vehicle.
Basically I like short poems. Among them this poem was my favourite.
What is the chief aim of this society?
Come, therefore, let us enter into a league; that it may be for a testimony between me and thee.
The coin toss decides who will kick off the match.
I mustn't add oil to this engine.
Try watching a sunset, said Anne her eyes full of pride and joy.
Shall we play cowboy and Indians? I declare myself a sheriff, and you all must obey me.
And God created man to his own image: to the image of God he created him: male and female he created them.
The tax code is too complex.
As soon as my son returns my trailer, I'm taking a load of rubbish to the tip.
Joe was the victim of a random sniper attack.
I was attacked by a homeless man on the streets.
I am asking you to vote for the Labour Party, because that would give you a government that can truly take responsibility for the county's economy.
She decided not to contest the charges in court.
We're confident that you are up to the challenge of the new position.
Gotta catch 'em all!
Mass is a measure of a body's resistance to changes in its state of motion, which depends on the amount of matter it contains.
The teams are coming onto the field.
It isn't the final goal, but the process of getting there that matters.
Wrap tape around the pipe.
It's okay to be a gay.
Comfort is your biggest trap and coming out of comfort zone your biggest challenge.
Stay with me, ladies and gentlemen.
There are parts of land today that used to be far beneath the ocean waters.
The first term closing ceremony will be held this Friday.
In the wild fire of thought, there is an element of the destruction of the self.
Mexico is the third largest country in North America, after Canada and the United States.
Social security? Who do they think they're kidding.
The little daughter which their mother the Queen had given birth to, was now grown up; she was good of heart, and fair of face, and had a golden star on her forehead.
Brian was grateful when Chris delivered the money on the weekend.
Anna, this is Joe's brother David.
Have you thought of checking the oil level?
Thomas knows all the tricks of the trade.
Whoever can transfer love, can also remove it.
The birds placed a nest on a branch.
The prisoners fled from the concentration camp.
For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
He dumped the papers back into the drawer.
The legend says he received his sword from the hands of the gods themselves.
When the king died, the kingdom was thrown into chaos.
The teacher will give him a passing grade if he shows effort.
Oliver dreamed of becoming a rock star.
Pardon me, ma'am. - Yes?
In the brain there are around one hundred billion nerve cells.
Her voice had a very kind tone, soft, almost loving.
We have a warrant to search your property.
The corporate headquarters is in Los Angeles.
Her thick makeup is disgusting.
It's said that that soldier fears no bullets.
"Susan got sick from Harry's horrible beef stew. But now I find out that she's carrying his twins!" said Susie to her mother over the phone.
There was no clue as to the identity of the murderer.
Why are you making such a big deal out of it, huh? Just suck it up already!
Brazil is divided into 26 states plus the Federal District.
The magic show was awesome today.
Trade leads to national progress.
Dan discovered that Matt was a corrupt cop.
Uh, Harry, I think you're bleeding.
Lay on my cold lips the tender ghost Of the dear kiss that used to warm them most.
San Francisco is on the West Coast of the U.S.
Tim found the same differences in two sets of files.
Whoa, Kelly!
I'm not fit for physical labor.
The dragon can't be killed with ordinary weapons.
At any rate, that it had ended without serious incident was a small mercy.
They stole my lover and all the colors of happiness.
Hey, I'm only kidding.
Honestly, I'd be lying if I said I never regret my sudden decisions.
Competition for the position is very intense.
Although it is not a bad thing in itself, in a lot of cases, many people are watching too much television.
It's the grand opening.
Wow! It's almost like we've landed on another planet.
Jenny could not ignore her parents' desire for her safety.
This writer spent several years in the field with the troops.
The lawyer put his robe on before defending his client in the trial.
Harry won the Tour de France.
Between you and me, Lisa, we know that I simply don't like Nick.
The commander exposed his men to gunfire.
Wake up, dummy in a garbage dump!
The babies are screaming.
There was no land to spare to build a new airport.
The political scandal blew over in no time and everything was back to business as usual.
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind.
We will destroy our nuclear weapons with America.
"He is an advanced jerk," said Susie, throwing her phone into her purse.
Jeff and Mia are making a last ditch effort to avoid a divorce.
All of a sudden, I saw a rabbit running across the field.
Workers can go on strike for higher wages, or for better working conditions.
It's thirty degrees below zero.
He broke up the concrete block with a hammer.
We had that teacher for fourth and fifth grade.
This Italian restaurant has a romantic atmosphere.
As I said the last time, Wednesday was the 22nd anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
George put in the hard yards to stay fit during the off season.
The author shows a great talent in the creation of his characters.
The head of your penis is sticking out of your belt.
In order to solve a difficult problem, the burden is on us to reach a higher level of thinking than the one we had when we created the problem.
A talent agency represents actors.
I'm going to North Korea to meet my dear little enemy.
This new suit suits me quite nice, don't you think? As they say, "Dress to impress!" Ha, you really could learn a thing-or-two from me.
I got it, so no bullshit, okay?
My fellow citizens of the world: Ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.
The agent was able to squeeze a confession out of the terrorist.
Clark Kent is Superman.
A sick soul that holds on tight to anger and hate will never heal until it lets go of those demons.
I saw a wolf, a fox and a rabbit.
Humanity has to be saved from itself.
Slow but steady progress always wins.
The Easter Egg Roll is an annual event that is held on the lawn of the White House each Easter Monday.
You don't even screw me the way I need to be screwed.
How many men does it take to replace an empty toilet roll? No one knows, it's never happened.
All had gone well up to now; but one evening this wicked Queen said to her chief cook:— "I will eat the Queen with the same sauce I had with her children."
The priest called the drunk "slave of sin".
Their lips were only a few inches apart.
Genius is but one remove from madness.
Oliver used his communication skills to resolve the conflict.
In the most secret chamber of the castle lay the greatest treasure on earth—the Book of Truth.
They worked hard to aid the victims of the flood.
Alex took part in a scheme set by the police to capture the serial murderer.
James runs a security firm in Boston.
Living in poverty is some women's fantasy. They think it's somewhat romantic.
The prison guard made every prisoner write a novel.
The sun sets in the west and rises in the east.
Even when I recognize my room, my pet and myself in the mirror, I recognize I'm dreaming.
Many men set out for the West in search of gold.
There is there no uniform national standard.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
"I would like to ask you a question." "Shoot." "What is your opinion regarding the recent changes to the government's economic policy?" "No comment. Next question!"
Jones kicked off his season with a 6 catch
I am making spare parts in a car factory.
This fried egg tastes like a sheet of rubber.
Sergeant Jim Smith was given a green light to carry on his torture.
Joe is physically stronger than Shane.
After the operation he stays under observation.
Congratulations, buddy.
Mars is covered by a dirt which has a lot of iron. The iron makes the planet look red.
Muhammad is throwing stones at birds.
A few seconds ago I was in the open air and the bright daylight, and now my eyes refuse to serve me in this darkness.
Rise and shine, Johnny.
Below, you can read the instructions you will be given during the final exam.
He is not David. His name is Daniel.
The scientist found that rats treated with the chemical lost on average 30% of their weight.
Tommy has a gold credit card.
Brian bought a lipstick for Kate.
Defense! Go team! Stop 'em!
Andrew Johnson had to flee his home to save his life.
"Your name is very familiar to me, Mr. Holmes," said he, smiling.
I'll bet my bottom dollar he'll succeed.
Ugly Betty is one of the most popular television shows in the world.
No criminal charges will be filed against you.
Listen to the following exchange between colleagues!
In the Soviet Union, there were maybe only official or political ideas.
Commercial television is an effective medium for advertising.
Wendy, I want to introduce you to my brother Sam.
Was King James I of England really gay?
They cleaned the trash against the clinic wall.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
They shared a unique bond.
The defendant was about to stand trial when he grabbed the deputy's gun and shot the judge.
I strongly suspect that this is the cause of the tragedy that happened today at the construction site.
Guest: "There's a hair in my soup." Waiter: "Looks more like a rabbit to me."
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to his farewell party.
Injuries are part of the sport. You cannot say a player's loss "doesn't count" because he was not in top form due to an injury. Avoiding injuries is just another important skill to be learned.
The bride realised on the morning of her wedding that her wedding dress didn't fit anymore.
Joe tried to halt the attack against the Indian village.
A big title does not necessarily mean a high position.
Oscar is the owner of the largest ranch in these parts.
I beg your pardon. What did you say?
When you have no children, you're jealous of those who have them and when you have them, they drive you crazy! The Blessed Virgin had only one child, and look at the troubles he caused her.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
Sarah gave it to Aaron.
Once they were finished, goods from the factory were taken to the warehouse for storage.
The gang established their base at an abandoned building.
Dan was serving a life sentence in a maximum security facility.
The birds flew south.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
The committee would like me to have someone to whom I can direct questions or go to for guidance about the city and its resources; I believe, therefore, that you would be a very good match.
Muhammad burns all his trash in a barrel in his backyard.
The thieves stole the painting from the museum while the guard slept.
George's weakness is potato chips.
Any student who wishes to review his grades may make an appointment with the college dean.
You ain't seen nothin' yet.
The first victim was one of my best friends and his loss caused me a great deal of grief; the second victim was merely a German.
Whoever finds us will take the pearl.
Its surface was as flat as a mirror.
This is a good place to build a sand castle.
An enormous bull charged at him.
If X means Y, what does Z mean?
Alexander makes mistakes. It proves he's not a robot.
The problem with this movie is that the violent scenes and the funny scenes are mixed together.
At the bottom of the letter he wrote "Kind regards," then signed his name.
We know more about the moon and other planets than we do about some places on our home planet.
He committed suicide by jumping out of a high window.
Dr Jami Jackson discovered that the drug could cause liver damage.
When, therefore, he suddenly announced his intention of setting out for the scene of the drama it was only what I had both expected and hoped for.
Benjamin Harrison's campaign was well-organized.
I know that you're the editor of a popular scientific magazine.
The plane flew away in the direction of Hong Kong.
Batman and Robin are friends.
All the officers and men joined their efforts against the attack.
He went traveling in search of adventure.
George knew it was only a matter of time before the earth experienced a fake alien invasion.
He charged me a higher price because he noticed my accent.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and got a serious injury.
Holmes stood by the table, with his hands deep in his trousers pockets and his chin upon his breast.
I'm sorry, but that brand of cigarettes is out of stock.
He brought food to his guest and provided him shelter.
Charlie was a mere child when I saw him last.
All the boys were whistling and cheering.
The video clip contains images from the fairy tale movie.
I turned on the fan and directed it to the wall.
One egg a day may keep stroke at bay.
Eh? We said we'd go to the park? I didn't realise.
Alex showed the bartender a fake ID card.
Oliver is ill at ease among strangers.
Anne Frank wasn't a citizen.
The director of the firm was voted out of office due to the scandal.
Whoever drinks well sleeps well; those who sleep well do not sin; those who do not sin are good people; therefore, those who drink well are good people!
People liked Jimmy Carter.
He's playing a cha cha cha rhythm on the drum kit.
He felt that his own temper required a partner of a more independent spirit.
His goal in buying land is to build a house.
Even though they look like it, Carlos and Juan are not identical twins, only brothers.
We mustn't let such a golden opportunity slip.
He paid the prostitute the fee without being aware of the surveillance camera.
Let us inform you that the following arrangements have been made.
Post this card without fail.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
Don't you dare come here again, or else I'll kick you out.
Harry Jackson said in a telephone interview that he was confident that his team would win the series.
The fans sought to shake the actress's hand.
The camp was under the command of Lieutenant Jackson.
Nancy set out on a solo journey.
God said to him: I am the most mighty God of thy father; fear not, go down into Egypt, for I will make a great nation of thee there.
Joe's birth records are sealed.
The affair is still wrapped in mystery.
I am the executive director of the museum.
When the shooting died down a bit, Daddy ran over to our flat and brought us back some sandwiches.
Hey! What's up Doc?
George, in a fit of rage, threw his bicycle off a cliff.
I'd just like to ask if you saw or heard anything last night that could cast some light on this mysterious affair.
"I’ll argue the motion." "They are coming down to watch the motion, they’re hoping you crash in there."
I try not to let my emotions affect my decisions.
The young wives of old husbands have the habit of thinking early on about choosing the one who will wipe their widow tears.
The sacred ceremony was held in the magnificent temple.
He committed an offense against our laws.
Southern newspapers attacked Lincoln.
Hey! I use my brain... and of course tools as well.
You should be frank, and they will treat you as a friend.
The young girl wanted to be a star of the silver screen.
Harry is British citizen.
The crown is the symbol of kings.
The brick wall collapsed on itself
Oil is necessary to run various machines.
The birth rate and death rate were nearly equal.
The days of the week are Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
If he could visit any North American city, it'd be San Francisco, California.
DNA tests showed he was innocent.
Someday I'll travel all around the galaxy, in a giant bucket.
Stick 'em up! This is a robbery!
Nine planets including the earth are moving around the sun.
I pressed B to build up speed, I jumped and fell into the pit.
And he put forth his hand, and took the sword, to sacrifice his son.
How many Stephen Foster songs do you know?
He had a narrow escape when he slipped on the stairs.
If you choose to make capital out of this accident, I am naturally helpless. No gentleman but wishes to avoid a scene. Name your figure.
What the heck do you expect to achieve, constantly doing this kind of thing? Aren't there more ways to go about it?
Do you see the status bar at the bottom of the document window?
When he got to the party, Sam made a bee line for the food.
The key factor of an open door policy is that employees should feel free to approach their boss about any issue that concerns them.
There is no pillow as soft as a clean conscience.
The temperature at the North Pole is different from at the South Pole.
To the porch, came flying a golden carriage drawn by six splendid white horses.
Gold is more precious than silver.
Flat land has no mountains or hills.
Today, looking at this web page, I realized that if these people are idiots then I must be a complete moron.
It's not the final goal, but the process of getting there that matters.
Let's all raise our glasses and give a toast to our special guest, eh?
Alex opened the boot to take out the spare wheel.
Earth is the only inner planet in our solar system that has liquid water on its surface.
The large chain store created a new branch.
I could rip you apart with my bare hands.
The Union army's supply lines were on the north side.
She's a fan of Italian opera.
I was busted to a sergeant.
I'm begging you, could you stop treating me like a pet?
Holy heavens!
She went for a deep tissue massage because her back was hurting.
Grace has met William at school.
"Hey, are you trying to trick me?" "No, I'm trying to go for a walk. I don't even know who you are."
Would King Albert have an affair with Princess Diana? I think not. He's too fat.
He has a rock solid alibi.
Nah, why bother fixing it.
This ceremony has been handed down from generation to generation.
I received a lovely note from her this morning and it totally made my day!
We are more closely connected to the invisible than to the visible.
Congratulations! You just won a million dollars!
Does this candy contain liquor?
And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years, and he died.
A note was attached to the document with a paper clip.
At high school, l had the option of choosing Latin as a subject.
I visited Hollywood while I stayed in Los Angeles.
You should be more sensitive to your partner's emotional needs.
Rachel is a good Christian woman and she means well.
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole.
James doesn't have a credit card or a bank account.
Why do ya trash people?
Muhammad's goal is to become a celebrity chef.
The economy is deeply connected to politics.
For the law was given through Moses; grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
James is his Christian name.
Joe spotted a pattern in the data.
Happiness isn't the destination, happiness is the journey.
Have you seen George's medical records?
My lungs were screaming for air.
Four metres of this material cost nine francs; therefore, two metres cost four and a half francs.
Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end.
Plans for a new trade zone are still on the drawing board.
Joe blocked Carmen's punch and kicked her again.
I'll bet you a silver dollar.
"That ain't my style," said Casey.
There, just connect your computer to the power strip.
When you stay too long in the same place, things and people go to pot on you, they rot and start stinking for your special benefit.
This plot of land is my property.
You can't communicate without a basic understanding of certain rules.
Folks are pulling together.
To keep you is no benefit. To destroy you is no loss.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.
Those who will be affected by massive job cuts in the public sector have not yet been made aware of their fate.
I'll show you how to separate gold from sand.
Click on the link below.
Because one put on a gold necklace, the other put on a string.
We cannot avoid cutting down our living expenses.
I dunno what's with ya these days.
The hospital had a grand opening last month.
There is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley.
She looked at us with her frank, searching blue eyes.
In America, scores of free agents switch teams every year.
"Don't tell me: you lost the keys again." "I did not!" "So where are they?" "Um... I'll get back to you on that."
This free flow of information eventually led to a free press in many parts of the world. But because information is so powerful, many world leaders have tried to stop it.
We gotta have all the data in there.
Adam spent 3 years in jail for drug possession.
Lee knew they would attack with full force the next day.
Charlie is a former casino dealer.
What causes a panic attack?
The apples fell to the ground as if eager to be gathered by the passing lover.
Jimmy is junior to me by two years.
The manner in which the new salesman made top sales level was an eye-opener to his supervisor.
Hey mister, you forgot your coat!
Poetry is born of pain. Joy is an end in itself.
Victor Hugo is a very famous French writer.
"Look at the time! I'm gonna be late for school! Bye!" "See you later. Be careful."
The policeman protected the witness.
Jimmy got that fat chick pregnant.
Mrs Thomas taught us history.
Dear Santa Claus: For Christmas I would like a girlfriend.
I'll ask the super to see about the leak in the front hallway.
Jerry is the bean counter for our company.
The resistance movement has gone underground.
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
In the beginning, the technology required people to sit completely still for at least one minute for the process to capture a photograph.
Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
She has a gold credit card.
Y'know we're short of money to have fun and ... Well to be blunt, gimme!
Thus, instead of avoiding the purchase of products from one bad company only to support another, we avoid buying anything to the greatest degree we are able.
Hmm, I think something happened. Wait a second, I will try to figure it out.
That could literally ruin my life.
A mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average.
Can the wall around the West Bank be made higher?
The earthquake created a tremendous sea wave.
Eric has begun to sing.
They'll attend the national conference in Las Vegas.
Jami was just a little fellow when his folks moved here.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
George's strategy for language learning is to throw everything against the wall and see what sticks.
The apple Kevin wants to become a pilot. But he will become a jam like his father.
Ooh, you don't know?
Are we gonna get some beer, dude?
Dan gave the detective an account of his activities that day.
George forgot to release the brake.
She started to engage in sexual activity.
For you, against myself I'll vow debate, for I must ne'er love him whom you do hate.
I don't know what's been going wrong, but several times when I tried to log onto the site today, I couldn't do it.
Make me your waiting maid, or set me to any work you choose, but do not cast me forth into the world.
Wow, you're such a genius.
Hello. Are you Jackie Scott?
Diet accounts for more than one million deaths.
Jason has brown eyes.
A pound is a unit of weight.
He is no monster, I assure you.
Ladies and gentlemen, now we start the movie.
How dare you call me a criminal?
The cops like the victim's boyfriend for the murder.
The bride and groom kissed when the ceremony ended.
How's it goin' there, chief?
His conduct is open to grave objection.
I think that creating a work of this kind in this particular way will cause more harm than benefit!
The individual soul should seek for an intimate union with the soul of the universe.
Technically, Jami poisoned himself.
You can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store.
The paper published a profile of its new editor.
The brave knight saved the beautiful princess from the evil dragon.
Barry hits the bottle every now and then.
Legendary American singer Lou Reed has died at the age of seventy-one.
George was always a mama's boy.
The poem's ending falls flat.
Dan's throat was cut almost from ear to ear.
Describe me the mixed martial arts.
The engine is driven by steam.
No one sought medical treatment.
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
Secure your own mask before helping others.
They knew to an inch where the rocket would land.
She's not into the LA scene.
You, madam, are exhausted, and must not think of rising until you have some assistance more suitable than mine.
You can no longer represent my agency after this incident.
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.
Adam had to mind his P's and Q's when he met Julia's parents for the first time.
The man attacked her with the intention of killing her.
She was in the military prior to becoming a teacher.
The response has been awesome.
I'm scared of becoming what we are not if it continues like this.
The security level, as established by the Department of Homeland Security, is orange.
"Do you have a nickname?" "Yes, it's Rick."
Oscar threw rocks at Olivia's window in the middle of the night to get her attention, but he ended up breaking her window instead and Olivia's father called the cops.
There were a lot of opinions, pro and con, on this question.
A portrait was hung on the wall.
Thomas works for an ad agency.
Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
The Romans forced onto the people they defeated, among other things, their language.
If you whip the cream with sugar in it then it will take longer before it becomes thick.
The criminals got caught after they posted pictures of themselves on Facebook with stolen goods and money.
Adam doesn't know the difference between Rome and the Roman Empire.
The panic spread through the district in an instant.
"Is there anything that I need to avoid when I recover from giving birth?" "Yes, getting pregnant."
In 2017, more than six million Chinese citizens visited European countries.
See you tonight, then. Cheers!
Aah. Now I understand.
Whom do yo suggest I should ask?
Volunteers have saved thousands of people.
Joe was subject to physical and emotional abuse.
Whatever you say, mate.
George kept firing until he ran out of bullets.
Don't respond to questions marked with an X.
Ow! This coffee is hot!
The first attack missed the target.
The last witness sealed the prisoner's fate.
Yep, I understand. Thanks a bunch.
Shh! Don't make a sound. We are playing hide-and-seek now. If you want to talk, go find somewhere else to hide.
Afterwards I realised that Charles was not the most important at that time.
In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.
I'd like to buy a log cabin somewhere in Canada.
Whoever speaks the truth will have to tie the donkey.
Bruce was terribly upset when his girlfriend left him, but he soon got over it.
How many cars does Alex have?
The government is considering tax cuts.
So the children left the house together; and the little sister, who was very wise for her years, said to the brother: "We will first go and see our own dear grandmother, and tell her where our step-mother is sending us."
There is not a ray of truth in it.
He runs off to the lab every half hour.
Jack crossed the river by jumping from rock to rock.
An offering of flowers had been placed at the grave.
Trade companies aim at a new market in Asia.
Are you telling me that Luke is creating problems again? Good grief.
The arrow missed its target.
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read'st black where I read white.
I guessed right in nine cases out of ten.
Steve and Jane always walk to school arm in arm.
More than 30 water buffalo have died in the past month and many more are threatened with disease as the water level falls.
It’s such a distant connection that I hope Oscar won’t bring up our being kissing cousins at school.
Chris got a very nice grade on that difficult homework assignment.
Gosh, what a dirty customer!
Hitler hated the Jews.
Her manner marks her pride.
A journalist seeking the truth should interview as many witnesses as possible in search of the true story.
His Majesty is waiting.
Tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job.
"Do you like to listen to J-rock or J-pop?" "What does that mean?" "J-rock is Japanese rock, and J-pop is Japanese pop."
When did Richard get married?
Billy is good at sport.
Don't paint the devil on the wall.
Chuck's Diner is where Jacob and Susie first met each other.
And if there is some goal of actions that we desire for itself, it is clear that that will be the Good and the best.
Snakes are -to a certain extent- deaf, but can still hear very low sounds and are very sensitive to smells.
Wow, that girl's gorgeous!
Send the letter through registered post in order to be sure that it reaches its goal.
Harry is ashamed of having lied to Sally.
James is a tax inspector.
He is an actor among actors.
The rats are ruining all the grain in the barn.
Everybody groans.
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.
"Aw, come on, son!" the farmer insisted.
He set as his goal, the deposit of three million yen.
The island is a tiny piece of land in the middle of the Atlantic.
Martin seemed very tired, didn't he?
Oliver got down on his knees in front of everyone in the restaurant, pulled a diamond ring out of his pocket and proposed to Alice, to the applause of all present.
When my bicycle hit the rock, the front tire blew out.
The word astronaut means "star sailor" in Latin.
If you don't stop shouting, I'll call security.
Were warning shots fired?
His face was grave, and his manner was cold in the extreme.
This is George Jackson, your court appointed attorney.
After several hours of labor, she delivered a lovely healthy baby.
God and the devil are awesome.
Papa, let's have a face-to-face laugh battle!
A monster lies on a rock near the top of the mountain.
Are you tired, sweetie?
So now he's a junior detective?
You must take off your hats in the presence of ladies.
My grandma bent over to pick up a needle and thread.
Before David arrived, Samantha started to lay the table.
Bobby must go to bed by 7:30.
There are more complex elements in longer conversations.
Robin Hood robbed the rich.
I beg your pardon.
Who sends letters by mail? These days we have electronic mail.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
Few roads existed in North America at that time.
It's okay as long as no one finds out about it.
Lieutenant, my patience is shorter than my sword.
He's a dumb as a rock.
Bro, what's your family name?
The touching episode came home to me.
Your outfit screams disaster.
Hello, I'm Ryan.
That'll cost three hundred bucks.
He transferred his whole estate to his son.
What's the point of showing up on time if everyone else shows up late?
Mum! Don't compare me with Sam!
I bet only a trace of the world's human population are people with good hearts.
Holmes is a great pipe man as well as a great detective.
God created all men equal but men think it differently.
If we let those bastards get dug in now, we'll have to level the building.
Roger Miller died of lung cancer in 1992.
That's like putting a golden nose ring in a pig's nose.
Ugh, I have to study for tomorrow's test.
He would be tied to a tree, and a monkey, placed behind him, would hit him on the head with a rock.
I come from the land of New Jersey. My people are proud warriors.
Adam ran into a squad of police officers armed to the teeth.
They make used cooking oil into soap at that factory.
I'm willing to bet Mr. Thomas ruins this project, too.
I saw Santa Claus kissing Mommy.
George deserves special mention.
Charlie drove his golf cart into a sand trap.
Among those present was the Mayor.
Area C of the West Bank is directly ruled by Israel.
The stock market is insane.
"You're here to follow my orders." "In your dreams, pal!"
Beth will not allow Chris to kiss her because he is terribly dirty.
How do you build a signal fire?
James doesn't like cocktail parties because he finds making small talk difficult.
Al Smith's parents came from Ireland.
Max is clever with his fingers.
Do you need a ride, babe?
You OK, Pete? We can do this tomorrow, you know.
Going out with those clothes? They look kinda bad.
A court without ladies is like a garden without flowers.
It is indeed time to 'drain the swamp' in Washington D.C.!
Bush is the leader of the forces of good.
Olivia and Emma are friends.
We're heading up north.
If you did that it'd make me happy, but there's also the Simon thing.
Muhammad's number plates were stolen and used in a ram raid.
Jami fell heavily and hit his head on a rock, causing life-threatening injuries.
My mommy and daddy will love me no matter what.
We rented a romantic comedy.
They took advantage of the stock price increase to raise the idea of building a new factory.
Andy can be the farmer!
Each bedroom has an en suite bathroom.
I'm outta here.
The journey that brought me here is almost unbelievable.
Nope.
Dave never returned to school again.
Bill and Joan divided the candy between them.
Commercial Code can be called an enterprise method.
Many soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have post-traumatic stress disorder.
Thomas spent close to half his salary on cigarettes and booze.
The gold rush began here.
No gain, no lose, we are fully equal.
Troy uses his position for personal gain.
This is a minor issue compared to our big national problems.
Alan is a poet.
Those people ruin their government, but they don't know how to build it again.
A golden wedding anniversary is when two people have been married for fifty years.
This is your final warning.
"Why can't I just have a normal boyfriend? Why? Just a regular boyfriend who doesn't go nuts on me!" "Everybody wants that, dear. It doesn't exist."
Mac helped me carry the vacuum cleaner.
Suddenly the ground seemed to disappear from beneath my feet.
Larry's house is the big white one on the corner.
I was surprised at the sudden thunder.
George rolled onto his belly.
Fred kicked a ball.
Edward looked Kathy in the eye and asked her if she really meant what she said.
He's a pathetic jerk.
Turn left onto Fifth Avenue.
Dumb as a block of wood.
For instance, even if you aren't practicing everyday you could still be studying.
I'm allowing all attacks except on vital organs.
She runs a dance studio.
How many patients did Dr. Jackson treat today?
How much happier I was as a slave, for then I could behold my Chloe!
The exchange of goods and services between the two countries is on the rise.
Goodness knows what it was.
The story of his brave struggle affected us deeply.
He developed his talent for painting after fifty.
You want the Number 11. It stops in front of the post office.
The communist forces quickly defeated the Marines.
The smoke alarm keeps beeping.
With Linda out of the way, Dan could marry Rita, his mistress.
Hey, who's this bottle of champagne for? I haven't ordered drinks.
Why was the Egyptian boy confused? His daddy was really a mummy.
She stood in the court before judge and jury.
Harry's pardon was granted by the governor.
I cannot plant trees here. This land is too dry.
He returned to the royal castle.
One, three, five, seven and nine are odd numbers.
I tried a glass of one of the emperor's favorite drinks that used to be served in the palace.
Have you been living under a rock with sound-proof walls?
What a lovely creature!
After a long high-speed chase, the police officer shot and killed Charlie.
Washington was a good leader of America.
The rat made a hole in the wall.
The soldier made light of his wounds.
Ordinary weapons cannot harm the dragon.
The official name of Italy is the Italian Republic.
You are making spare parts in a car factory, aren't you?
I thou thee, thou traitor!
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
Arthur isn't as happy as Mike.
He's a speed freak.
Leo's travelling to Venus.
"God bless you!" he cried. "You have saved my honour."
Many companies monitor their employees' internet activity.
He was made to check his papers by the chief.
Well.. She said, that you wrote them back to Laura.
Adam is having trouble dealing with his son's suicide.
Police noticed drag marks on the floor.
They live in a council flat.
Ben ran a 100-meter race with Carl.
I was saved as if by a miracle.
But then, l spent several nights.
Adam pressed his ear against the wall.
And now, think about a county, any county, and imagine this county divided into five or six different areas.
Nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.
Gary will have been in Japan for six years next month.
Wow! It's almost like we're on another planet.
They have owned this land for generations.
He ran up the stairs panting.
Treat your servant more kindly.
Jack was groaning in pain.
Pope Francis is the first Latin American pope.
I crossed Joe's palm with silver.
What's Claire cooking?
She hung up her keys on the hook.
Santa Ana begged for mercy.
The army chief reported that the war was lost.
All cops are bastards.
Jack is a victim of identity theft.
They lost the DNA sample.
Uh, will you excuse me?
Heh, the teacher won't find us here.
She fled south towards the Spanish border.
He worked as a congressman and a senator.
In the desert, water is worth its weight in gold.
Germany is the global leader in this industry.
Humanity will eventually destroy itself.
Lucy, my dear Lucy, are you safe?—are you well?
Wow, that was impressive!
It was a terrible confusion; Sue slipped later in the water. They're all mad at you.
If the door doesn't fit, you might have to shave off a bit of the wood until it closes properly.
It is considered bad form for a comic book character to break the fourth wall.
Some political parties are enemies of humanity.
Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It is life's change agent. It clears out the old to make place for the new.
Leave a tooth under your pillow, and the tooth fairy will take it and put a present in its place.
We flew from New York to St. Louis by way of Chicago.
No matter how interesting magic shows may be, I don't like them so much.
"Remove the red wire." "I've removed it. Now what?"
It was my final performance.
Gold is a very expensive metal.
Eve gave birth to a son.
Emma is a Swiss citizen.
He took the proper steps to meet the situation.
The Star Festival is in July.
Huh? How is that relevant?
More and more people are on social media these days.
Our flat has five rooms.
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
Alex suffered from a heart attack and almost died waiting for the ambulance.
Those who betray us in the worst way are always those who are dearest to us.
Hm, that's a good idea. Let's go there.
What was the final score of the game?
Night is falling, filling the valley with shadows.
Joey represents the family.
I never managed to roll my r's.
That way you keep thinking about me but are unable to admit to your feelings, that hot and cold feel is a real boom among young men!
Penny saved is a penny got.
Ahh ... well I was young but what a stupid mistake.
We had a telegram from Mrs. Alexander Spencer today—the mail-man brought it from the station—saying they were coming on the five-thirty train tonight.
Where are you from, Karen?
I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
Adam started chuckling.
This flower is called a lily in English.
If most X are Y, it does not follow that most Y are X.
Joe's idea for a new kind of car will make him filthy rich.
Don't keep chattering.
The Mona Lisa is smaller than I thought.
Every morning she went to her office to wait for phone calls or open the door to clients needing her services.
We sell a wide range of products.
One thousand years later, aliens came to Earth only to find the damned remains of a wicked civilization.
The villagers tried to freeze us out.
The spy burned the papers.
How's Amanda?
Bravo!
We're worried about Grandpa and Grandma.
Every time an artist dies, part of the vision of mankind passes with him.
Usual folks like when other people are similar to themselves, and hate when they are different.
Is it okay if I take a look around the castle?
You can bet your boots on that.
The fires are spreading.
The shadow falls upon the wall.
Fifteen thousand million euros must be saved over the course of the next four years.
My grandpa blew out all 97 candles on his birthday cake.
He's an alpha male idiot.
"Here is my business card. Please call me anytime with more information," said the reporter.
I'm a straight shooter, and most of the time my ego doesn't interrupt my relationships.
This tradition is bullshit.
They come to collect the post at three o'clock, every afternoon.
And Abraham called the name of his son, whom Sara bore him, Isaac.
God and the devil are really super.
The labor union called for a strike.
Those cities have uniform traffic laws.
I had to cool my heels for an hour in front of the door, waiting for his highness to leave the bathroom.
Hitler was a criminal.
The Swiss Guard fought to protect the Pope.
That religious cult has got some pretty off the wall ideas.
All of a sudden, a dog began barking.
No criminal charges were filed.
The bandits ran away when they heard the police siren.
He suddenly started doing an impression of an announcer and we all cracked up.
The wind blows south.
You're being given a promotion and a raise in security access level.
Oliver is the chief financial officer.
Jami had discovered that his lover betrayed him.
I can't have you hitting the customers.
We have an incredible North Atlantic salmon.
I feel as though I've committed rape, although I know that that makes no sense.
Then the wild beasts start wanting to go crazy.
The brain is a very complex organ.
How long has your throat been hurting?
She claimed to be the owner of the land.
He had heard wonderful stories about cities of gold with silver trees.
It was as if the devil was chasing after him.
The final match of the 2018 World Cup will be played on Sunday, July 15.
Freedom can never be secure if people don't fight for it.
When I saw his face, I was instantly on red alert.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
He held her hostage in a van.
The case was settled out of court.
I would like to confirm the following for our meeting at our office on February 27.
Jack allowed the cops to search his car.
There's a lot of red tape involved in this procedure.
The prosecution condemned the defendant for kidnapping a child.
Which one of Japan's historical characters do you identify yourself with?
No part of the pig is wasted.
The government sends goods to that little island by helicopter.
Building the steel factory was a great enterprise.
Do you write that with a "J"?
What a coincidence! We're wearing the same tie.
Jami knows better than to give his real name in chat rooms.
They increased the territory of the empire.
Terry was very pleased with the news.
Bush is the leader of the Empire of Good.
I'm fed up with her chatter.
When I opened my eyes again, all of a sudden an unknown lady was standing right in front of me.
Barry Taylor's name has been put forward for the post of chairman.
Hey, could I talk to you for a sec?
The museum has two wings.
Gee, I wish I had that problem.
The rocket exploded on the launch pad.
The higher he rose in social rank, the more modest he became.
Mr Wilson is angry with Dennis.
We guarantee after-sales service and parts.
There's a south wind blowing.
Alex isn't violent and he never picks fights with anybody.
Who's your favorite Charlie's Angel?
The governor of Texas was furious.
In one year there are more than thirty-one million seconds.
I am sure that Greg is going to follow in his father's footsteps.
The Soviet Union put a total of seven space stations in orbit between 1971 and 1982.
Muhammad likes to read English subtitles while watching movies in English.
The woman tried to shout out "Help!" but the word stuck in her throat.
I woke up gasping for air.
I don't have a credit card or a bank account.
Many stores are closing because there is no trade anymore.
The police confirmed that Joe was the murderer.
This story is based on actual events.
On entering the bedroom, she started sobbing.
Joe doesn't have a gold credit card.
Joe is a potential witness.
The hunter caught the fox.
Why don't we bury the treasure here?
The temperature outside is four degrees below zero.
The birds flew to the south.
The crane picked up the concrete block and laid it in the middle of the road.
When she appeared in court, she was wearing a sort of crown.
I just learned something new about David Cameron.
Companies paid their taxes every quarter.
They're killing the planet.
Humans are a highly social species.
This is the church where Blake is buried.
He is acting for the chief director.
How come he hates Molly?
Marcus beat Julia.
We're basically in a Hail Eva situation.
Jean eats a banana.
Envy is the companion of honour.
I'm on loan to the firm.
The whole computer is a giant infection.
The race was watched by a crowd of nearly a quarter of a million people.
The figure the child drew on the paper was a five-pointed star.
Dan punched Matt with a boxing glove.
Love kills happiness, happiness kills love.
He found a clue to solve the mysterious affair.
"What an angel you are!" cried the young Duke, and he put his arm round her neck, and kissed her.
I told you not to mention that in her presence.
Jacob didn't mention specific dates.
Cheer up! I'm sure we'll be saved.
He needs proper medical attention at a hospital.
There's musical entertainment from nine o'clock to midnight.
My kitty was rolled over.
Joe found that he needed to accept the challenge.
Jacob has a part-time job at a burger joint.
A butterfly's wing contains many details.
We'll load the van.
It looks like a fish bone got stuck in my throat.
The priest gave me his blessing.
Charlie noticed that Julia was whispering something into John's ear.
This carpet does not match the curtain.
The circumstances were in his favour.
My flash drive isn't being recognized.
We all know you go to the cinema to watch "Twilight" because of its "brilliant script" and not because of its actors.
Hey, I'm practically naked here.
The car is parked in Zone E, space 97. That's out the main door, to the right and down at the end of the terminal building.
And I must thank my lovely wife, Kate, who was behind me every step of the way.
What's your favorite Rolling Stones album?
As is usual with a sailor, he likes liquor very much.
We've got a distress signal from that ship.
It is a long lane that has no turning.
She played cards with Roy.
Joseph would run.
Don't pee on an electric fence.
George started the engine and put it in gear.
Catherine spent all her free time last week answering birthday greetings.
Everyone cleared out of the restaurant after the pepper spray incident.
Angela is not an angel.
What a basket by Michael Jordan!
I feel like we haven't hung out in ages.
Aren't you afraid of catching a virus?
Run, comrade, the old world is behind you!
If you treat a customer well, he'll be a customer for life.
A Thai Navy SEAL force announced that the remaining four boys and the coach were rescued on Tuesday.
A dark cloud is approaching from the west.
Sometimes we have to serve our husbands like slaves.
I bet he is our principal.
Human beings are social creatures.
Jeremy is Cory's oldest son.
Hey, don't be so selfish, Alex.
"That's Barry's pond," said Matthew.
Lee's army fought off each attack.
Muhammad faces three charges of assault.
Is Mr Parker in today?
The trail is washed out up ahead.
The British commander was forced to surrender.
The snow brought public transport to a halt.
A virus infected James's computer.
Jack bent down to scratch the dog behind the ear.
Charlie will have a blast.
I think I've seen that person next to Xiao Li before.
Valentina was sending James mixed signals.
That was one messed up performance.
Wow! You must be a genius.
"It's childish to play with a teddy bear. I'd rather look at the news." "But Oscar, you're only six. You can be quietly childish. Just be that and enjoy it!"
The principal theme of the book is the American Revolution.
This incredible story has only just begun.
I drank about 20 beers but the cop couldn't tell I was drunk and let me go.
I receive a million messages a day and I can't answer them all.
That actress is the shining star in the company.
Tommy is going to need physical therapy.
Margaret has a talent for music.
Either Ann or Carol is going to take care of the baby.
The papers didn't print this story.
How dare you speak about my husband in that disgusting way!
Hey, mister, your fly is down.
"Good Morning!" "How are you all?" "Hopefully you’re happy while trying to read this short lecture about the Parts of the Body."
How is your religion relevant on planet Mars?
What's all the fuss about? Damned if I know!
Tired of banging his head against a brick wall, Oliver decided to take Julia's suggestion.
Don't you dare bail on me.
I am sure our dear guest would like to have a bath before he goes to bed.
Lunch is usually eaten on the deck.
Oliver is a Swiss citizen.
I expect it's his lousy personality that drives off the ladies.
That's a jewish cult.
The engine will not work without fuel.
The dogs started growling at Tommy.
Do you need a ride, bud?
Due to a number of unfortunate causes, one-parent families are on the increase.
Gosh! I weigh the same as a 2.4-metre guy. I have to grow!
Dan found a human skull a few yards from the road.
The scar on his cheek hardly shows now.
The soldier saved his friend at the cost of his own life.
"Jacob, there's a zombie at the door to see you." "Thanks, Catherine. That must be Todd."
Why are you touching your ear?
Catherine was born in 1985.
The English clubs want to sign Ali.
Alex couldn't resist touching it.
The places with the long lines are the worst.
Oscar is a right proper lad.
Tommy talked about becoming a monk.
I have truly loved fake people.
Their kiss had been discovered by Charlotte.
Who represent the executive management?
During that time, we only heard about thieves, about murders, about men who had died of hunger.
Would you like regular prints?
The company did not immediately know how to ward off these attacks.
Every night when you say a prayer, say a prayer for daddy.
The political systems of Britain and Japan have a great deal in common.
The new tunnel will link Britain and France.
Members of the tribe settled down along the river.
The division of Germany was considered a given until 1989.
What's your favorite classic rock song?
Wild animals live in the jungle.
In many places blind persons sell lottery tickets.
Considering the violence of the impact, he must have died instantly.
Harry has a large social network.
Jesse gets along with everybody.
Be loyal to women. Loving them isn't enough.
Russians are people of slave origin.
The telephone is ringing, but nobody is answering.
A gentle breeze blew through the field.
Go up to ground level at exit B2.
Monica read Harry's future in her magic crystal ball.
Mom buys a large slice of pork every Wednesday at the butcher's.
Remember to put the chairs onto the tables after the lesson.
Can you spare a buck?
It will be a pleasure for us to destroy one of our favorite places in the whole world again tonight.
The magazine is for killing time.
Wisdom is a union of moral science and art.
That kid's a chip off the old block.
Her name is Barbara.
I have a little cat called Nina.
The bug has been corrected.
The cops are searching for the missing documents.
The Stars must be kicking themselves for giving him the boot.
Julia signed the papers that George asked her to sign.
Our business in this world is not to succeed, but to continue to fail, in good spirits.
If you want to be okay, you must smoke weed every day.
The bridge had to be high to allow boats to pass underneath.
Whoever causes trouble will be the victim of the trouble.
Hail the Soviet Union!
The torture had dramatic consequences on his personality.
Hello, my name is Tina.
Hey, George, forget about your worries.
The lawyer insisted on the client's innocence.
It's a routine procedure.
They worship the almighty dollar.
This statue is made of solid gold.
And he told her that he was her father's brother, and the son of Rebecca:
Lucas is a know-it-all.
Land has hill, woods, fields, animals and men.
Be so true to thy self, as thou be not false to others.
I'll stake my reputation on it.
I hope for a soft landing.
Would you please send the remaining five units right away?
Yup, I am angry.
Daddy, are we getting to-go boxes?
And God said: My spirit shall not remain in man for ever, because he is flesh, and his days shall be a hundred and twenty years.
Poverty is no vice — it's twice as bad.
This world is a distant three hundred million light years away from the world where you live.
I reached into the pile and felt soft fabric.
Sea turtles are magnificent creatures.
For the job to proceed normally, I need your values and experience.
There are starving children in Africa.
Dan reported to the police that his daughter had been abducted and raped.
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.
Where was the last time you saw Holly?
One of the most common terms we hear today is “fake news.” The public and politicians use it to talk about the news reports they do not think are accurate.
Sophie had her own pony. It had been given to her by her father.
I'm not a fan of movies with a lot of special effects.
Now that you mention it, she also needs a bra and panties.
Wisdom is better than gold or silver.
I volunteer at a homeless shelter.
I look at the land beside my friend.
I am going to use the telephone in the phone booth at the street corner.
Please shake before opening.
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.
They are going to perform "Romeo and Juliet" next week.
How are you, Dylan?
I am a theatre lover.
She committed suicide by jumping off the bridge.
Does Charlie like Earl Grey tea?
I reckon Alex will be interested.
Immediately the other coming forth, held his brother's foot in his hand: and therefore he was called Jacob.
Would you please slide the van door open?
I think this bishop is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
She had a fit of coughing.
Men are only heroes when they can't avoid it.
It is officially summer beach season here in the United States.
The mouse survived the cat's attack.
Do you have a backup plan?
The papers got blown away.
A dog controls its temperature by panting with its tongue out.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
The tradition of making a wish when you see a shooting star is very old.
The factory will cease operations next month.
After his death, his paintings were hung in the museum.
I am a woman, my name is Eva.
Jami fled from the prisoner camp.
She spoke in behalf of the homeless.
Jessica took all the blame on herself.
Wow, he drank five bottles of wine!
You're acting like a punk yourself.
This was literally unbelievable.
A bull is male and a cow is female.
The cop went through his pockets, but found nothing.
Matt is Rita's brother-in-law.
With a pitter-patter of footsteps she runs off to the entrance.
The motive is unknown.
James put the diamonds in a small metal box.
Learning to play a musical instrument requires thousands of hours of practice.
She kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight.
Someone's ringing the doorbell.
I have a digital recording of the train station in India.
It is hot. Bring the electric fan.
She's digging her own grave.
The nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
I didn't see any bullet holes in the wall.
Hey! Scott! Pay my bill!
"I believe it indeed, and will guard him still. But when is he returning?" "I don't know, we expect him every hour."
A politician should serve society.
The girl answered: "Yes, auntie, I'll eat them both."
The global annual average temperature has increased by more than 1.5 degrees F between 1880 and 2012.
Jami is currently in prison for tax fraud.
I find the timing odd.
I am not a Polish detective, dear lady. I am an international detective.
Muhammad heard a car horn beep.
Jack told me you were planning on dropping out of school.
Alex noticed something out of the ordinary in the alley.
How dare he open my letters!
The greatest charm of traveling lies in its new experiences.
Unlike his father, he was always smiling.
She has been dumb since birth.
Hey, there's no pulse.
Mickey Mouse is a mouse.
It took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today.
When she saw the gorgeous coat, Julie decided to buy it.
I'm still in fourth grade, but I know enough to keep up with adults.
Angels guard and guide us.
They decided to settle down in Virginia that year.
If parents are fools, children will become thieves.
This is a precious chance to get Sammy's autograph.
Hey, get away from the wall.
Every farmer who owns a donkey beats it.
What did the passengers do in the meantime?
He stopped a moment to kick a rock.
I freaking love Science Fiction!
Would you stop treating me like a child just because I suck at English?
Well, how about some fried nails? I asked, how about some fried nails, eh?
"Michael" is a man's name but "Michelle" is a lady's name.
Although I am her elder, she treats me as if I were her servant.
You must know the highway code.
Ann is said to be their leader.
Tommy discussed every item on the menu with the waiter before he ordered.
He left too much runway before he landed the aircraft.
The truck was carrying goods bound for Mexico.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate's political party.
None of Oscar's friends knew that he was a CIA agent.
Not long ago we heard a father say in the presence of his large family, "I don't want any of my boys to be lawyers."
Harry always shows good judgment.
Jacob doesn't want to get into a shouting match.
Charlie's death has been ruled a homicide.
There are cherry trees near the castle fountain.
The University Administration decided to set up a branch campus in New York.
That lawyer is going to pick you apart in open court tomorrow.
But when she was led to execution, she sent to her father in law, saying: By the man, to whom these things belong, I am with child. See whose ring, and bracelet, and staff this is.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
We can't produce him as a witness.
Nowadays, we often use the term "senior citizen" to refer to old people.
The flies on the wall continued to crawl.
DNA is magical.
We are going to invite Jane and Ellen.
The two lovers swore to love each other for eternity.
Martha loves you.
Set some money apart for marrying.
Jack saved all of the letters Susie sent him.
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
Every man is a potential corpse.
The planets in our solar system are classified as inner planets and outer planets.
We gain courage and wisdom from every instance in which we stop to look fear in the face.
We must destroy the devil.
Thousands of people apply for political asylum each year.
OK, already, jeez!
Harry continues to deny that he was the one who did that.
Caroline's mother did not see the need for a girl to become educated.
Slow and steady wins the race, but time and tide wait for no man.
Jennifer is very disappointed about the concert being cancelled. She really had her heart set on going.
I have to say I admire your spirit.
I will serve you as an escort.
The baseball season opens before long.
The rain cheers me up.
"Oscar, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with TO and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
"Just pay up already, I'm saying." "Hand over the money, Yo!"
This is not a spider, it's a monster!
I saw Liz this morning.
His colleague was transferred to an overseas branch.
Hey man, take it easy. I'm just messing with you.
The United States is the largest producer of cheese in the world.
The usual business hours in this office are from nine to five.
Blah.
Tommy arrived just in the nick of time.
We had already sent the letters of invitation to the party.
Is Catherine ready for this procedure that has no medical purpose?
He formed the clay into a bowl.
Search; find; discover!
I was lost in Sir Anthony's wonderful story.
I tried to woo his sister, but she didn't want me.
The bells are ringing.
Who did William Wallace defeat?
Laser surgery can fix some kinds of vision problems.
The gates are open.
All theory, my friend, is grey, but green is life's glad golden tree.
Detective Dan Anderson took Linda in for questioning.
The fan can't spin fast enough.
Adam is a federal prosecutor.
You're a disgusting pig.
They reported it to the authorities.
Mary started screaming at the top of her lungs.
Hey there, boys! Where's that shark?
My least favorite season is mud season.
It's hard to persuade Jonathan.
The angle would be too narrow.
Scissors are meant for cutting but can also be used to stab.
Grandma figured out how to operate the remote control, but forgot the next day.
She broke off her engagement in a fit of anger.
Could I have two tickets to Malcolm X?
In the sky, a ray of light appeared.
If you don't understand a particular word in a sentence, ignore it. The translation will make perfect sense without it.
Jacob ripped up the note.
I'm looking for a hat that matches my brown one piece dress.
When I was a kid, mum used to darn our socks when they got holes in them. Nowadays, most people just throw them away and buy a new pair.
Love ain't all it's cracked up to be.
He likes to chop wood.
When I snap my fingers, you'll wake up.
Dont' hit me, please!
These pipes screw together.
Harold II was the last Anglo-Saxon king of England.
Russia lost 20 million people during World War II.
They were so terrified that they hid behind one another, and said: "Good-morning, granny; our step-mother has sent us to wait upon you, and serve you."
Don't go onto the crossing when the alarm is ringing.
The child was sleeping on its mothers lap.
Jami talked to a police inspector about the plot.
They were hunting for bodies among the ruins.
Not until the following morning did we see land.
Sarah was my first love.
They attract customers by offering high-quality goods.
Harry chased after the car, screaming.
It shows that the man we are after is not as lonely as I imagined he was, but has friends who are ready to risk something for him.
A new year began meanwhile.
Jami was stabbed by a member of John's gang.
He's familiar with the city's mayor.
My daddy and mommy are getting a divorce.
I can't post the raw footage.
Roger Miller learned to play the guitar and the violin. Much later, he learned to play the drums.
She's an excellent brain surgeon.
Hail, Caesar, those who are about to die salute you!
The pat on the back was offensive.
While Adam was rock-climbing, he fell and broke his leg.
What is Operation Cast Lead?
The book Oscar was reading wasn't a romance novel.
I am joining the piano competition this February.
She runs the business with her daughters.
Charlie is learning a new card trick.
What search engine do you use?
This wall blocks the wind.
This Italian car has three wheels.
I prefer to drink coke instead of coffee.
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
They were following different streets.
With more than two million e-mails sent every second, someone, somewhere, is sending an e-mail as we speak.
I read the book "The Divine Comedy".
Jack wants to be a pop star.
She passes the time moaning.
Billy is good at sports.
Parliament is now in session.
Can it fit on the head of a pin?
Oscar was Catherine's college sweetheart.
Jeff lost yesterday's match, but I'm sure he is a promising tennis player.
Jami had panic attacks.
Bend the string.
We're in sync.
She gets about with the help of a walker.
The flies are buzzing.
Lions often target sick or injured animals.
The policeman noticed a man sneak in.
Tommy can start a fire using just a bow and a drill.
Adam has already gotten three threatening phone messages.
Yes. And it's only a hop, skip and a jump to the nearest mall.
How's everyone at the Hong Kong office?
You were fabulous Saturday night!
If you face north, the east is on your right.
She won an Academy Award for her performance in the film.
A prophet is not recognized in his own land.
American football, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are seen as the typical sports of North America.
The project came to a screeching halt, mid-July.
Oh, look, there's one little early wild rose out! Isn't it lovely?
Oi!
Please punish him.
They began to develop a new industrial site near the river.
They were about 25 cents a pound cheaper.
The fort was attacked by surprise.
Jack vanished under mysterious circumstances.
We're expecting Tommy to help us plant corn.
One reads the sum of 3+2 as "three plus two."
They dragged their boat onto the beach.
Trying to impress the girls, Martin?
I'm sorry, Reverend Mother.
Artists painted the wall in the spring months.
The elephant is the largest land animal.
The factory is run on a large scale.
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.
I think they want to destroy the base.
I was born in the north, but now I live in Florida.
Millions of dollars have been spent trying to shore up the company.
He confessed in court that he was in touch with racist groups.
The road is blocked by stones fallen from a nearby rock.
"How dare you dump me for her?" "She's my wife."
Several children are playing on the sandy beach.
The old guard was nearly voted out of the Upper House.
If you testify against him, we can put him behind bars for good.
Yay, I went to the store!
I love you, my goddess!
A monster lay on a rock near the top of the mountain.
Harry showed Laur the tiny piece of metal that he had found.
Minus and minus is plus.
Huh, you've got the experience?! Don't get me started. I have underwear older than you.
We'll go by bus unless Elena wants to take a taxi.
The ambassador is responsible for the assignment.
Can we drive to Miami on half a tank of gas?
I mixed milk and chocolate powder together and then added water.
Some of the most exciting things that we’ve seen from looking at gene expression in space is that we really see an explosion, like fireworks taking off, as soon as the human body gets into space.
Did you hear the thunder rumbling?
We need a spirit of enterprise to overcome the difficulty.
The accident created a traffic jam.
The world’s largest cruise ship, the Harmony of the Seas, can carry 6,300 passengers.
I think the world is much older than the Bible tells us, but honestly, when I look around — it looks much younger!
I gotta go.
The novel takes its title from the Bible.
Charlie left a note in Valentina's locker.
That is an internal affair of this country.
When did Victoria become Queen?
Was the victim male or female?
We are looking for theories with scientific grounds.
She also writes about loss and trauma.
Only monsters don't cry.
Jacob doesn't treat Laur very nicely.
I'd like to see the sixth movie of Harry Potter.
Dan knocked down Matt with a kick in the face.
Jack and Emma had their honeymoon in a foreign land.
I beg your pardon, but would you repeat what you said?
The cold north wind turned the leaves brown.
I'm going to do a trick with only four cards.
It's okay to look, but it's rude to stare.
That organization is corrupt to its core.
You're the person who best fits the position.
Congratulations on coming first in the competition.
She committed many sins in her youth.
She was on the border of killing herself.
The driver of the car that crashed into the wall was a blonde woman.
The frog and I took turns guessing what the secret recipe was.
Thieves respect property. They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
Do you prefer beer, vodka, wine, or soda?
I'll go get the proper forms.
What's up, bro?
All women become like their mothers - that is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
He sits in this chair when he watches television.
Two jet planes took off at the same time.
Hoping to cheer up his wife, Oscar bought her a beautiful pearl necklace.
Monica has become very fond of Charles.
The police are investigating the cause of the crash.
Jack took off his lab coat and hung it over the chair.
I completely agree with you, my dear colleague.
If you could live in a star, which one would you pick? I'd like that lovely clear big one away over there above that dark hill.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Philip wants to get ripped.
Mr Williams carries that section.
I already know what the theme of the radio programme will be.
“I appreciate that they put a Chinese character in that game, and the fact that she’s a scientist and she’s smart. She’s helping save the world,” Ye said.
Walt's neighbours came to America right after living in Korea.
I really like to watch Power Rangers!
You do too much K, Oscar.
He received more than six million votes.
Dan committed the ultimate violation.
Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.
The admiral is never satisfied.
I know Jacob isn't a very good chef, but he's the owner's son, so we had to hire him.
The twins look so much alike that it's difficult to tell them apart.
All the people felt for the victims deeply.
I'm halfway through this detective story.
Kate is dressing her doll.
If you focus on the lyrics of the song, you realize that they barely make sense, right?
Is there a tracking number for the package?
Among the guests were the mayor and his wife.
The prisoner dug a hole under the prison wall.
I got the sack but I've a little saved up, so for the time being I won't be troubled by living expenses.
We still use land lines.
Relationships built on money will end when the money runs out.
I hear you're on bad terms with Owen.
I heard that you became the manager of the Sydney branch.
We're trying to staff our factory with good workers.
The development of economy has brought other social problems.
It was a critical and a commercial success.
George was sent away to an insane asylum.
How many people live in Austin Texas ?
He is in possession of this land.
How nice of Monica.
I bet that he'll accept your proposal.
Deposit this check in my checking account.
When Nicole heard that her favorite singer had died, she burst into tears.
A gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight.
The majority of Japanese people drink tap water.
Fingerprints left in the room proved the murderer's guilt.
To rub salt in someone's wounds.
The court denied the appeal.
This soda is flat.
The mob gathered round the car like so many flies.
Oscar is kinda weird.
What is your commission?
The dynamite went off with a bang.
Don't go out in this heat without covering your head.
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
Explain it once more, Jerry.
If Muhammad shows up, it's going to ruin Lucy's day.
It's hard for nurses to be objective about their patients.
The bus was heading north.
What is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet.
I returned the book, but it's still showing up in my account.
He bought a new motorcycle from the money saved quitting smoking and then died in motorcycle crash two weeks later.
No, my dear fellow, I don’t think you can help me.
Wow, you're really obsessed with Harry.
Julian keeps on forgetting to switch off the computer.
Finally her true talent revealed itself in that painting.
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone.
It was a rush job so it might not be a good fit.
This item is currently out of stock.
My brother ended up becoming a priest.
He has completed his military service.
I like Dave because he is very kind.
Charlie sat on a park bench feeding birds.
David remained on the platform while the train was in sight.
I sat on the rocky cliff over the beach and watched the ocean waves until the sunset.
Did you know that Julia lived 10 years in Moscow? That's why she speaks Russian so well.
He just died, and he wasn't kidding that he was allergic to wheat.
American Girl is known for their series of dolls created to encourage girls to think about who they want to be when they grow up.
He had heard stories about an ancient god who had left his land centuries before by ship.
Jami never fully recovered from his injuries.
The match had to be called off because of the freezing weather.
Entry is free, but there's a two drink minimum.
Credit is an amount or limit to the extent of which a person may receive goods or money for payment in the future.
You know, Jacob, I didn't appreciate you hitting on her after I specifically told you I was interested in her.
It's so sad to see Jack begging for money in the streets after he lost all his savings gambling.
I had already told you that Marco is a liar.
That will be your final warning.
I'm feeling a buzz.
Please compliment her on my behalf.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
Moral values are important in society.
The war affected the way the Japanese view nuclear weapons.
The spell was broken and the pig turned into a man.
Reunion Island is an island in the western Indian Ocean.
During the tour he broke apart from the group and found his own way.
These figures are signs of a family or clan.
You must guard against catching cold.
The world is divided into people who do things and people who get the credit. Try, if you can, to belong to the first class. There’s far less competition.
The Moon isn't a planet, but a satellite of the Earth.
I would like a trial by combat.
He is being Nelson tonight.
Earth's gravity isn't uniform.
He asked us to bring him a television and a fridge.
Detroit has one of the highest levels of gun violence in the world.
This research was made possible by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
Charlie decided to cross out the last word.
It's been a remarkable journey.
I planted various fruit trees on my property three years ago.
He's what society calls a real lover of music.
I cannot shake hands with the mayor. I had an argument with him last week.
Oliver closes his eyes when he kisses.
Muhammad's pulse is racing.
Tommy is planning on entering the competition, right?
Their defense came apart.
The dedicated bike zone is most often at the rear of the train.
We went to the cinema yesterday. We saw Star Wars.
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining.
Goodness does more than violence.
What's the price per night including all charges?
The lamb was killed by the wolf.
The town was humming with activity.
The rear tire of my bicycle is flat.
She hung the calendar on the wall.
This incident led the movement to collapse.
Like it or not, we're in this together. All we can do is work as closely as if we were joined at the hip.
She was voted prom queen.
I saw a girl wearing a patch with a picture of a cute-looking flower.
Dan checked in at a local motel.
You don't have to go to an Ivy League college to get a good education.
If Susie drops by, please give her this document.
Jacob's bout went the full distance.
Dan showed his police badge to Linda.
Jami wants us to mount the TV on the wall.
Charlie could hear the television blaring in the background.
Champagne is the drink of the angels.
I met Christine yesterday.
Gloria, don't let him feed you that line about his wife not understanding him.
This trial is guilty of wasting my time; the verdict is therefore guilty.
Weapons are forbidden here.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson was called to a second murder scene.
Privacy isn’t a freedom anymore.
Since he's a famous actor, this won't end up in a simple family matter. To the contrary, I'm sure it will become a major scandal.
James was determined to get rid of his pot belly.
Love isn't a game, so you can't just cherry pick the best bits!
I'll sue you so fast it'll make your head spin.
Customs officials carried out a full body search on Oscar.
It's truly tragic.
"You don't really love me at all. You only care about your math stuff!" "Not at all, I do love you!" "Prove it!" "Okay. Let A be the set of the objects I love..."
All the passengers were saved from drowning.
The Catholic Church built the West.
This train has no luggage van.
Everybody feared the lieutenant colonel.
Wicked! Your car did a total flip.
I think that machine doesn't need any more broken parts. I can't achieve anything with my bare hands.
Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.
I have the ace of clubs.
This is just a pile of bullshit!
We need to destroy the shield generator.
In the year 2008 the world meat production increased to 300 million tons.
Don't twist my words around.
This area is rich in marine products.
Lo and behold.
Fat chicks welcome.
The structure of the brain is complicated.
The police set up a radar trap.
I got a temporary job at the firm.
I'll bid farewell to this stinking school.
It's not all sunshine and kisses.
Your analysis of the situation is accurate.
There's a trap against Joe.
Irish is the first official language of Ireland.
The court's decision is final.
Every citizen has the right to health and to a life that meets the minimum cultural standards.
Over time, wooden doors can warp or swell, making the door difficult to close.
For a moment she felt glad at heart, for she knew that she had the finest voice either in the sea or on land.
The hut is below the peak.
The Romans built a fleet of three hundred ships.
I don't waste rounds.
Our goal is the complete understanding of the events around us and our existence.
The rock band damaged the hotel room.
Mr. Pierre and his wife really like my children; I really like their children too.
Whoever the employee is who stole the money should be fired.
Poland is the best civilization in Civilization V.
He popped a balloon besides my ear and I was really scared.
Now that William is taking proper medication, he should be able to control himself better.
"Well, OK," Willie finally agreed.
Neither Jack nor Laur has a gold credit card.
Charlie committed multiple acts of violence.
Charlie bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shop.
Your big sis will show you.
The turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
Oscar is a religious nut.
Joe insisted on my paying the money.
Ivan the Terrible killed his son in 1581.
You have lovely breasts.
I've just won 2 million in Poker!
South Africa became independent in 1961.
Nancy is having a chat with her friends.
Planes land at the airport.
Christ, we adore you.
In three seconds midnight will strike.
Janet sure knows how to stretch a dollar.
She was even more surprised when she heard Miss Baker say, "Excuse me, but may I change places with you?"
Stop watching TV. It will destroy your brain.
They're preparing for another attack.
I'm Antonio.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
I don't know who my ancestors are. Our papers got lost during the Flood.
Hercules had strong muscles.
The grass blew gently in the breeze.
Men are mortal because of their fears, and immortal because of their hopes.
The crisis is entering a dangerous phase.
Mrs. Ana explains the sixth test.
His desire to dive has cost him his life.
Adam filled the Mason jar with beans.
Ha-yoon is a Korean citizen.
"There must be a logical explanation for it." "Not everything can be explained through logic, my dear Alex."
May God repay you with His grace.
Gabriel was very talented, but he did not study.
The people are like children: they must smash everything to see what is inside.
It's just so vast.
My wife is crying a river of tears because Queen Elizabeth II has passed away.
There aren't any pictures or photographs on the walls.
Just yesterday I told that dope about everything, and today he's playing his old tricks again! What's wrong with him?
I assume that you're familiar with this concept.
I'm surprised Wade isn't carrying her in his purse.
George told me he was doing some undercover work.
Some of the Indian leaders refused to negotiate.
Jami used his cellphone to perform a mobile deposit of a check.
Bugs Bunny is a bunny.
She traveled from Boston to San Francisco via Chicago.
The girl drawing a picture in the first row is my niece.
Jack continued staring at the blank screen.
I saved for future needs a little money as our marriage fund.
I can rip you apart with my bare hands.
Tommy has an audition.
We used a pump to get the water out of the basement.
The sight is considered the most complex of the five senses.
She tested an engine.
Before that, there was no plant life in this region.
Before taking the measures you must take account of the difficult circumstances.
Diane is your half sister, too.
Life is a constant search.
We will separate our home's large land equally for our children.
As the boss was walking away the employees remained silent, listening for the clicking of her heels against the floor, to make sure that she really had left.
We'll note it in the following way.
If your baby coughs, take him to the doctor.
This rat, up until just now he was my partner and now he's gone and turned on me.
Please credit my account for the returned item.
I don't think I'm very petty.
I'm praying.
Joshua is gay.
Ask me the first question that pops into your mind.
Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association.
The actress fell backwards from the stage.
The dragon's fire breath burned Mario completely.
His wagon drew up at the entrance to the market.
I think this debate is getting close to the level of the absurd.
This is a very romantic destination for couples.
We are worried about grandpa and grandma.
A political opponent is not an enemy; they're a partner in political debate.
After twelve o'clock in the day he could hardly ever be said to be sober.
Do not look upon the vessel but upon that which it contains.
They were made of rough brown leather.
But I know that neither thou, nor thy servants do yet fear the Lord God.
His stomach growls.
A fox smells its own stink first.
Dammit... How did I get myself into this!?
Joe was hooked.
I can never feel at ease among strangers.
The poems of Homer were written in Greek.
I'm focused on being governor.
Translation is easier than reverse translation.
They cut down many trees to build the boats.
Please remove the ashes from the stove.
Did you know Joe was Valentina's grandson?
He tried to drown himself.
If this is the best of all possible worlds, what are the others like?
Both cases were dismissed.
Carla, the singer, has a great voice.
You've saved my bacon for me.
Two tickets to San Diego, please.
How dare you speak to me in that tone of voice!
I have immunity.
The new arrival was a lovely girl.
A hero is often just a person who doesn't have the ability to recognise danger.
What's the minimum salary in Northern Ireland?
It's okay to feel emotions.
The authorities have decided to launch a hunt for dangerous drugs.
Wow, you're such a genius!
I was in a good position to see the parade.
Mass culture is mainly the product of television.
Nobody can put anything over on the bureau chief.
My great-grandfather was a gang leader.
How did a taxi driver's son from working-class London make the unlikely journey to the top of the fashion world, and what made him end it all at the height of his powers?
William forgot to remove the price tag.
C'mon guys, this is a party so let your hair down and relax a little.
Cleaning up radiation, in soil, air, and water, became possible in the 23rd century.
Harry left his family 200 million yen when he died.
Jami doesn't sleep in a coffin like most vampires.
Jacob reported Laur to the cops.
I want to report the loss of some jewelry.
I'm Charlie's nanny.
A punch is just a punch. A kick is just a kick.
James never yells at us.
Eh, give me your cellphone's mail address.
I don't like where society is heading.
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.
She wished the lovely dog belonged to her.
He was happy being a Jew.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
For a couple of years now I've believed that at all times I can be wrong about anything, including that belief.
The problem seems to have corrected itself.
Thousands of people died during the plague.
He's a good bloke.
Taking slaves from Africa to the United States was very risky.
His drinking buddies had a hard time understanding all of this.
My dear child, this is not a star. It is a full moon.
He was charged with conspiracy.
The map on page 11 looks very strange. Turn it upside down. Then it becomes a familiar map to you.
What do you think Dana has in mind?
They lost the Scotland match in the last five minutes.
Anna was deeply affected by her husband's passing.
This lamp sends out a powerful beam.
Has it been proven that there's a link between tobacco and lung cancer?
Roll the dough out thin.
No act of hate or terror will ever change who we are or the values that make us Americans.
Snake oil is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
There's nothing we can announce yet.
The second victim was identified as Dan Anderson.
Job security is a priority over wages.
It is even becoming accepted even in exam-English that that called "simple future tense" does not exist.
Muhammad Jackson said in a TV interview Monday that he didn't think his team would win another game this season.
Could you scan this for me?
It's a good thing that this happened during the rehearsal and not the performance!
You can't have a celebration without fireworks.
Gods may do what cattle may not.
He is making spare parts in a car factory.
She always winds up a conversation with a wave of her hand.
The magazine only costs two pounds, including shipping.
Jack appears unconscious.
There are so many experiences in life that we never dare to explore.
I put all of the sheets to dry on the pole.
The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings.
I bet he arrives late - he always does.
I've read several books about serial killers.
Humanity will destroy itself sooner or later.
They had no alternative but to retreat.
A cat always lands on its feet, even if upside down when dropped.
You need immediate medical attention.
Can you please confirm the receipt of this note?
Since he can read such tiny print, he is far from being near-sighted.
It was a publicity stunt.
Jack was wrestling with his sexual demons.
I'm an emotional wreck.
Charlie hired a private investigator to dig up dirt on his wife and her lover.
But while we will never know fully what causes somebody to take the life of another, we do know what makes life worth living. [...] Our time here is limited and it is precious.
The prisoner of war bore himself with great dignity.
We must get rid of this foul garbage right away.
How about February 28th around 3:00 pm?
The inn doesn’t provide lunch.
Unfortunately, my neighbor had a traffic accident and fell into a coma.
Corporal punishment is forbidden in Sweden.
How did Noah keep the animals from eating each other?
I threw the papers in the basket.
I believe in guardian angels.
They are scum who raise their children to be criminals.
Julie thinks that she will not be able to pay off all of her debts.
"Hello, can I help you?" Daisy asked the lady. "Please come and sit down."
The dog is brown, small, and skinny.
You should seek a teacher and learn the method of spiritual practice that is best for you.
Those types of birds I completely hate.
This is is deeply disturbing.
Oath is an oath.
"What does the dog say?" - "Bow, wow."
The detectives chased down a promising lead.
Terrorists can't deny us our freedom of speech.
The British defeated the French in North America in 1763.
Lee did not agree that the situation was hopeless.
They're painting the cemetery wall.
He went bump down the stairs.
We recently discovered an error in your personnel record.
Catherine is a soap opera star.
My heart will ever be faithful to thee.
The teacher compared my poem with a fellow student's.
Toss it into the trash bin.
The autopsy confirmed that Jacob died from a gunshot wound.
I named my dog Rex.
Benjamin Franklin then told a funny little story.
Tracy, I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
Oops, I accidentally drank a bottle of liquor.
I hope they form an alliance that will endure.
Life offers us millions of possibilities.
Jacob and Alice still call their fathers Daddy.
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.
Who's your guidance counselor?
Dan was glad to hear that Linda no longer dated Matt.
If James Bond is agent 007, who is 001?
He inspired feelings of strength and security.
Bingo!
They both wanted to go and fight the dragon, but at last the twins agreed that George go and Albert stop at home and look after their father and mother, who had now grown old.
Many truck drivers don't take into account the weather conditions.
I was planning to turn this room into my mother's studio, but I'm currently using it as a storage room.
Listen to further instructions from emergency broadcast stations.
I can't feel my fingers or my toes.
Your gut looks like an egg.
William was haunted by painful memories of the Vietnam War.
Think of your opponent as nothing more than a handful of ash.
It is very difficult to find happiness in us, and it is quite impossible to find it elsewhere.
Oliver can either be your best ally or your worst enemy.
He is too young to benefit from firm discipline.
Debbie, is your school near here?
Bite down on the cotton roll.
Given her complete lack of gratitude after all that I had done for her, I told myself that I would have done better by banging my head against the wall.
Next, we will talk to Ms. Pam Roland.
Save for the cold in the hall, the gig was good.
He lost a lot of money in the stock investment.
What brand and what color is the director's car?
Harry is a wizard.
Hey, does anyone have any gum?
The European Union has eliminated the death penalty.
Until we meet again, Bob and Nora.
He wanted to be a great military leader.
Roger liked writing songs. He also liked to perform his own songs on the stage.
I used to be a heroin addict.
My profession is my passion.
I need to send these papers overnight.
A potential third party would not be able to crack the code.
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
Joe always shouts when he is angry.
This whole affair stinks to high heaven.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
Does the price of the room include the service charges?
Then the ghost spoke again, and his voice sounded like the sighing of the wind.
Lean it against the wall.
They made a fool of him in the presence of ladies.
His weapons are rusty.
One thing that won't change is our commitment to our customers.
Gently in manner, strongly in deed.
The wounds, if they become more serious, can threaten your life's future.
It's Gina's bag.
The media are not reporting these stories.
But the benefits are significant at all ages.
The two men were tried by a military court.
Philip and Sheila are late. Am I, too?
Doctors, lawyers, and farmers are destroying the earth.
Is she passing kidney stones in her urine?
I was aware of the trick in this magic.
Whoever the book's author might be, he must be a great writer.
I can't stand so many cars honking their horns at the same time!
We credit her outstanding success as the reason the sport is receiving more attention nowadays.
Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life.
He knows many amusing magic tricks.
Her success made her the target of jealousy.
They've been chanting for thirty minutes.
I want to marry Heather.
"What a splendid day!" said Anne, drawing a long breath.
Oliver needs proper medical attention.
My name is Xiao Yu.
That accent is so adorable.
Kate's granddaughter needed to study among the trees.
Happiness is always unexpected.
Lucy is obsessed with real estate.
"Will you give me the loan back then?" "Don't doubt it, but if you need more, I will not only pay it back, but return the favour."
Oscar is a junior partner.
A fish bone has stuck in my throat.
My roommate is so disgusting.
That singer is a teenage idol.
The labor union announced a strike.
Jeffrey is called Jeff by his friends.
Luke is Laurie's brother.
He's truly what you call a football genius.
You should listen to your father's wise counsel.
The emperor returned home in triumph.
The singer is very popular with teenage fans.
Have you ever driven a van?
Do you know how many animals suffered in the process of laying those eggs?
I offered him whisky or gin, but he said he didn't need either.
Jami was lying unconscious on the operating table.
Never use a cannon to kill a fly.
Pope Francis will return to Rio in 2016.
To hatred, I reply with pardon.
Cocaine is a drug.
Embrace your dreams.
Mike named his dog Spike.
"The prince of darkness" means "Satan".
However, maybe from the sudden change in pressure when you put them, having your ears pop is a problem.
Joe signed the papers that Laur asked him to sign.
How do you do, Mrs. Allen? I'm pleased to meet you.
The Grand Canyon is one mile deep and about 100 miles long.
Hi tech, big wreck.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about her.
Thanks, hon.
Her lovely voice was a real feast to the ears.
Hey Susan, how are things?
This is a middle eastern country.
The production has visual appeal for the audience.
The visitor was none other than the principal.
Wasn't it still called "acid rock" back then?
My name is Andrea.
Oliver wanted to buy a purple shirt, but he couldn't find one that fit.
Do I have to dial the area code, too?
A lazy man always finds excuses.
I wouldn't let my daughter pierce her nose.
The bay is full of boats and people.
Please extend my apologies to Tommy.
He's fooling himself.
Joe tried to sucker punch John.
You're in no position to bargain.
A magnificent sight presented itself before us.
She got wind of his true intentions, huh.
You must stamp your ticket before boarding the train.
From the first moment that he saw her he appeared to be strongly attracted by her, and I am much mistaken if the feeling was not mutual.
One day, a black woman, Rosa Parks, was returning home after a hard day's work.
Like a house of cards, George's dreams and plans came crashing down around him.
Life is a flame that is always burning itself out, but it catches fire again every time a child is born.
The vet's assistant called our dog "Mister Man".
The Government are considering tax cuts.
Isn't this the same necklace that Aunt Clara wears?
We gotta lose the heat, step on it!
They called the same witness to court.
He said the South had good reason to protest.
He is a psycho.
Adam rarely shows emotion.
The author doesn't display much talent in his book.
Our family opens gifts on Christmas Eve.
UN, as you know, stands for the United Nations.
My mommy and daddy won't forget me.
Did I tell you what Melissa said?
Donald doesn't like people who speak ill of others.
The shoes match this white skirt.
Traffic noise is very harsh to the ear.
It was a parade with a capital P.
Hey, cool your heels! The party will still be there!
I know that Alex was truly honored.
My brain is being crushed.
The murderer dumped the body in the lake.
Gentlemen, at the beginning of this century, France was for all nations a magnificent sight.
When we say liberty, we associate it with Lincoln.
The photo catches the tension in the court very well.
Ninja Turtles is my favorite game.
Isn't that just a myth?
If he had insulted me, I would have given him a shove.
They formed a project to build a new school building.
Tommy is a top-notch defence lawyer and his services are in demand.
Could you fill out the medical certificate for my son's school?
He saved money little by little, so that he could build a new house.
He is so aggressive that others avoid him.
William took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase and handed it to Eva.
What is the exchange rate for the dollar?
Do you have anything on the menu that doesn't come from any species of grass?
Tim is the black sheep of the Jones' family.
"Won't you tell us what has happened?" "After breakfast, my dear Watson."
James is a very good cabinet maker.
The ladies' dresses are on the floor.
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.
How long are you going to keep whimpering about that? You can't change the past.
If you see a lion showing its teeth, don't assume it's smiling at you.
He gave a rap on the door.
Dang near killed 'em.
Dan broke into the vault and stole millions of dollars.
When I was in primary school, I dreamt of becoming a pilot.
No soldier from the war is known to still be alive but their voices were present through high school students reading their letters written at the front on this day a century ago.
James, are you filming?
The flames rolled on—he would not go Without his father's word; That father, faint in death below.
The priest blessed the children.
The small car boom is ending.
"Thank you; give your father my greetings when he returns." "I'll do that; take care." "You take care as well."
He was one of the famous men of letters in his era.
We could hear sirens approaching.
God forbid!
Most people don't research their political positions.
I am the most junior staff in my office.
Fry the eggs in oil.
Record the broadcast on tape.
I buy tapes.
The radio didn't mention the incident.
This is a cargo ship, not a passenger ship.
Catherine hit the wall with her fist.
Sally continued to make excuses and blamed the dog.
The murderer was executed this morning.
Money is what people make it: worthless paper or valuable as gold.
I am thinking of closing my savings account.
On hearing the news of the birth of his first child, he jumped for joy.
The soft breeze blew through her hair.
Tanks aren't afraid of dirt.
George has an identical twin brother and few people can tell them apart.
The news of his sudden death was like thunder on a sunny day.
What turned an educated and highly successful person like Emma into a racist?
Jami started screaming at the top of his lungs.
Olivia saved all of the letters William sent her.
What a shitty Sunday.
The needle is pointing toward the north.
Majority rule is a basic principle of democracy.
Wolves usually do not attack humans.
When you watch television or listen to the radio, the music which you hear is often African in origin.
Take life as a box of surprises.
His words set everybody roaring with laughter.
Sam, this is gonna take you hours.
My ear is ringing.
Many folk songs were about social problems.
Charlie says he doesn't want to get into a shouting match.
The whale shark is the largest shark in the world.
The Alternative for Germany is a new political party in Germany.
Plants remove carbon from the atmosphere.
I was just kidding when I said that.
Despite her warning, he made little of the matter.
This apartment looks like a classic bachelor pad, with pizza boxes and beer cans all over the floor.
Harry lost a ton of weight.
Sit down again, Miss Curtis.
A lot of insects are chirping in the field.
William got a grip on his emotions.
Inspector George Jackson questioned Emma for hours.
This author doesn't understand at all what need would a man and a woman who can't be involved in a romantic relationship have of becoming friends.
I was a boy scout.
The operator lost control over the robot.
A vicious dog is attacking people all round the countryside.
He's an odd fellow.
The bus fell off the cliff, killing all 10 aboard.
Dorothy sent him a nice present.
The minister refused to give an interview to the reporters.
Jacob's sand castle was destroyed by the tide.
Lightning never strikes where you want it to strike.
The bus driver didn't stop at any bus stops, but continued until he arrived in Boston with a police escort.
I know Adam is a bit paranoid.
That action convinced the prison warden that Joe was a threat to the rest of the prisoners.
The dream continues.
I'll quote a few lines from her letter.
Three cheers for the team.
Her singing was very impressive as usual.
Mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date.
Is the world more twisted this morning than usual?
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.
My usual sleeping time is from seven to nine hours.
"Here are the divorce papers." "I'm not signing them."
His help came in the nick of time.
He who thinks of science is in love with it, and such a person never stops learning, even if he appears to do little on the outside.
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give, he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
You can easily drill through that panel.
Would you introduce me to your friend, Mr Murphy?
The therapist is treating the patient for a back injury.
We're models.
How can you hurt the servant that Allah has forgiven?
I'm closing this operation down.
I climb up on a large rock, look at the blue water and observe the clouds in the sky.
Jami doesn't wear a tie every day, but he does often wear ties.
The last house was Harry's residence.
He is a reporter for Time magazine.
The senator has a very demanding schedule this week.
Payment systems are delicate and unstable - Cash is safer.
Do you really want to leave London not having visited the National Gallery?
The criminal got very tired from the fight with the two officers.
Oliver and Susie parked in their usual spots.
I happened upon Bernard at a restaurant yesterday.
I will shoot anyone who doubts my mercy.
Geez, I wish this test would finish soon.
I'm following the plans made by congress.
Sandra takes a slice of bread and a cup of coffee for breakfast.
She is a leader in her field.
Will you go with me to my palace and be my dear wife?
He made good progress in handling this machine.
Driver, you're driving in the opposite direction. I want to go east. Why are you driving west?
Speak of angels, and you will hear their wings.
The ritual was completed.
Did he tell you he was Sarah's husband?
Jack showed me how to do a card trick.
I teach Mr. Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
My patients are waiting for me and I'm stuck in a traffic jam.
The man controlled the country for fifty years.
Global climate change is one of the greatest threats facing humanity.
When we were in school, my best friend and I made our own secret code so we could write messages to each other without other people being able to read them.
We should write a formal letter to the director.
He wishes he had glorious hair.
Tommy drew his pistol.
There is a hole in Jon's sock.
Alex's design saved the company millions of dollars.
I remember when you were just a wee little baby.
What's your favorite search engine?
Does Pedro have an older brother?
Adam had no male heir.
I have a sore throat and a slight fever.
We came to the conclusion that he is a genius.
Tommy, can you hear me?
Basically Tommy is reaching out for help.
Oliver was a tank commander.
You're a little rascal!
I sucked up the dust on the floor with a vacuum cleaner.
I serve on a jury about once a year.
When did life pop up on our planet?
The sight made my flesh creep.
My client never should've been arrested.
Their job is to do make-up for performing artists.
This soft blanket is just right for babies.
Billy is very tall for his age.
Those present took it for genuine gold.
The trauma of war has a long-lasting impact on those that survive it.
The red kills the whole pattern.
She's such a sweetheart.
The opening in this sweater is small and my head won't go through.
We had to show our papers at the security desk.
'Philosophy' is a Greek word that means the love of wisdom.
It's not a pig; it's a monkey.
And we can communicate so many things in so many ways - with our faces, hands, bodies, and voices. We can even write our thoughts in words.
Life is like a train, Mademoiselle. It goes on.
The freedom of expression was strictly limited.
Fred's house has five rooms.
Her villa sits on the hill.
One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
Do you have any rooms with a shower and toilet?
The birds flew off in different directions.
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.
My fingers left marks on the glass.
Put a dash of brandy in my tea.
What treatment are you following right now?
She recently came out as a lesbian.
We can travel through time. And we do it with an incredible rate of one second per second.
To tell the truth, it's a pity that you are just wandering around in the world.
Alex starts giggling every time he sees Lucy.
There are no records that match the request.
Rock climbing without proper equipment is dangerous.
Anyhow, lunch ... is where I wanted to go but I decided to go to the toilet first.
We must see the matter in its proper perspective.
Jack and Monica are losers.
Would you like bacon or sausage?
Inspector Dan Anderson had two crimes to solve.
Charlie's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.
I have served you all these years and you never even threw me a bone, but the dear children gave me their own piece of ham.
There are plans to build a power plant right here.
Mike calls him Ned.
Whoever likes the new is not a fan of the old.
Kate has become a full member of the royal family.
I'm hoping we can get to the bottom of that mystery.
Tommy's parole conditions require him to report to the police once a week.
I cannot lick my fingers. I'm not a cat.
Life itself is the tomb where I'm turning over.
Hush!
My cat is thrilled with joy when she gets fish for dinner.
The walls were hung with some pictures.
As for the standard of living, the republic has caught up with the West.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
I must admit the attorney drew up a pretty serious-looking contract.
I'm going to cut right to the chase.
I know Oliver is a park ranger.
Stella really is dead!
Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.
When I drive, I always avoid trucks.
Spring is the season that Lucy likes best.
That's not a Death Star. It's a breakfast cafe.
The image does not match reality.
He performed the trick with ease.
The jerk factory called. They want their product back.
If she finds out, I'm screwed!
She's not among the regular employees of this company.
We have not come this far without a struggle and I assure you we cannot go further without a struggle.
It's bleeding heavily.
The happiness of May is knocking at your door.
That robot came in handy for many things.
There are some cracks in the basement wall.
Judging from what you have seen of him, this fellow is not a coward.
The research institute was established in the late 1960s.
The man wearing the jacket is Freddy.
Honestly, that wasn't my aim.
He's Mr. Brown, the chairman of the committee.
My fingers are stiff from playing the piano all day.
I know that Muhammad is a control freak.
Wisdom is a treasure for eternity.
The firm has built up a wide reputation for fair dealing.
What if the Statue of Liberty was made out of gold?
Security was also a challenge.
Therefore when we were gone up to thy servant our father, we told him all that my lord had said. And our father said: Go again, and buy us a little wheat.
Whoever wants to win a battle must think that he is the winner. You can lose a battle if you think you are the winner. But you can never ever win if you consider yourself a loser.
Seven children died in a fire in Brooklyn.
George told the police that he heard three shots.
The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the surface of our planet.
I beg your pardon?!
I've crossed the seas of eternity to understand that the notion of time is nothing but an illusion.
Me, me, me. Now picture billions of voices screaming that and you got yourself modern civilization.
The boy dug a grave for his dead pet.
Steam trains were replaced by electric trains.
I was saved by a miracle.
I cut up all but one of my credit cards.
Is Vera celebrating Easter?
He whistles all the time. It drives me crazy.
The acid burned his thumb and the other side of his palm.
British troops held that area.
They provided food for the war victims.
The match last night was a tie.
Muhammad said three of his chickens were dead when he went out to collect eggs this morning.
I hear the competition is brutal.
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
Prince Charles will be the next king of England.
Harry pressed his ear against the wall to see if he could hear what his parents were discussing in the next room.
This is the usual arrangement.
Spanish is spoken in Central and South America.
We don't have a lab.
My ear was bleeding this morning.
The teacher pulled me aside and told me I needed to go to the dean's office.
Oh, Tae, this cheese is a winner!
Jacob started groaning.
Colonel Collins is married and has a daughter. When she has free time she likes to run, play golf and go camping.
Dan took a look at the victim's vehicle.
What places does that tour visit?
The proposed building site has yet to be approved by the city council.
My fingers are too fat to fit into these gloves.
I'll examine the patient right away, but before let's check his medical history.
Jami was convicted of killing his wife.
Oliver hung his coat on a hook.
The box fell apart due to the weight of the load.
She turns him round her little finger anyways!
The horse is pulling the carriage.
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby.
We're reaching the end of our journey together.
They went in search of treasure.
They put their fingers to their lips.
The stairs have up to 22 steps.
We have a high regard for Professor Turner.
Jack watched Catherine disappear into the crowd.
You fell down the cellar steps, didn't you?
Iron is more useful than gold.
This desert looks like a different planet.
There is no Plan B because there is no Planet B.
He shows warm affection for his children.
He wrote a novel about vampires.
He ran for governor of California.
Don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage.
Someone said: "The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did." Precisely, and they are that which we know.
Please fill in using block letters.
My father serves in the Foreign Ministry.
I know that Adam isn't a very good chef, but he's the owner's son, so we had to hire him.
A light-year is a unit of distance. It is the distance that light can travel in one year.
It takes literally a minute to make the sauce.
This store closes at nine in the evening.
The average rent for a Manhattan apartment is about $4,000 a month.
He's very easily distracted. He can never focus on just one thing.
I just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached.
Chuck's Diner is where Tommy and Laur first met.
She gave me a golden luxury watch.
This is Brian Rock.
Give me a metal bucket with oil.
They were watching for the signal to start.
By the way, have you seen anything of Carter lately?
Gotcha!
I would never have thought that the murderer was the butler.
We're trying to locate James.
You must take his age into account when you judge his performance.
This world is just an insane asylum.
The actor went up in his lines on the stage.
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
Mom, where is the toilet paper roll?
He won the genetic lottery.
Are we subjects or objects in this process?
Loving to work is the key to happiness.
James Madison hated the idea.
I like R & B.
He will come nine cases out of ten.
The Pirate Party could mature into a political driving force.
He never appears before nine o'clock.
This program was very popular so the information that it went off the air caused a wave of protest.
The urge to snack is hard to resist.
There were hundreds of birds on the lake.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcast live on TV last night.
Jacob claimed to be the owner of the land.
That's kinda scary to think about.
She promised her mother to come home before nine without fail.
Monica is a social media addict.
There’s a new long fishing rod in the shop.
The witch flew off into the sky.
Patty finished writing to her friends in Canada.
Do you know what time the post office opens?
Genius means one percent inspiration and 99 percent sweat.
We're heading north.
But confessed freely, I am not the Christ.
This is a ginger drink.
I don't like filthy cops.
A small stream runs by my house.
If only I'd sold that property before the economic bubble burst I wouldn't have lost all that money.
Adam is trying to trace his birth mother.
It's getting dark early around here. The sun seems to drop like a rock when autumn rolls around.
What was your final score?
Hm! You're right!
This clinic doesn't even have an ambulance.
The boss wants a status update on the criminal investigation.
Some important papers are missing from the files.
People call him Dave.
They have but the shadow of freedom.
The Van Horns are rich.
A penny spent is often more useful than one saved.
I've finally learned how to roll my R's!
William picked up a rock and threw it at the wolf.
Do you think there's really a monster in the basement?
The police were able to link William's DNA to the crime scene.
Don't rush on my account.
The following tips can help.
It’s a communication medium, not a substance or specific activity.
Karen went there herself.
He applied for a credit card.
The wheel began to roll slowly.
Oliver was chuckling.
After a few weeks, doctors made Cleveland a new jaw out of hard rubber.
It is called a lily.
He tried to make his reports scientific.
The Nazis killed Jews.
He visited the coast of South America in 1499.
The governor dedicated the memorial to the soldiers who died in the war.
We need to collect more data.
Oliver knows how to play the blues.
The object of the journey was to visit Grandma.
Even if she's a prostitute which falls in love, her love is a pure and noble feeling.
Every creature of the world is like a book and a picture to us- and a mirror.
I'm giving you my final warning.
You can't find a job if you're dressed like a hooker.
Jami can't stop chattering.
I'm aware of all those connections.
This street runs due north.
Everybody desires happiness.
We had a marvelous meal Saturday night.
I'm following my passion.
The wide range of products on offer really means that there is something for everyone.
You're going to freeze to death.
What a drag!
Catherine is staying up late this week to prepare for her term end tests.
During First Contact, humanity did not know what to expect of the alien race.
George was stark naked.
Nine years ago, our parents died in a car crash.
Where's your spirit of adventure?
I think a spy is among us.
Ew! That's so gross!
We celebrate the Star Festival in July.
Chen is not a university student.
Joe is a tricky little devil.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
The actress always wears expensive jewels.
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.
I like to suck on frozen ice cream bars in the summer.
It's the first time I shake hands with the mayor.
The policeman caught me by the wrist.
They claim they acted in self defense.
If the ball hits the head pin too head on you'll end up with a split.
Pull the plant up by the roots.
Oh my gosh! You're the last person I expected to meet in a situation like this.
He got a position as a clerk.
Ted is looking forward to going abroad after graduation.
Are you trying to blackmail me?
Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
He won gold in the competition.
Where's your search warrant?
Mr Joel is now on duty.
The boat is heading toward the harbor.
That man is Perry Mason, the lawyer.
She was blind, deaf, and dumb.
Plug up that leak.
Every man in the kingdom fell under the spell of her look.
A samurai without a sword is like a samurai with one, but only without one.
Have you brought your ID card with you?
Rain allows the ground to shine.
We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.
We seek happiness.
Is management really going to consider our bonus, or was that just lip service?
Julia's native language is Italian.
How dare you marry my daughter without my consent!
He committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
Meg has a lovely face.
A river runs through the long valley.
Jessie accepted the invitation at once.
George used to be a member of the bomb squad.
All that are tales for idiots.
Click on the link below this video.
Susan may not come, but Betty certainly will.
I refuse to be called anything besides "Your Highness".
Harry put oil on the bicycle chain.
The campaign was successful and she won the election.
Mummy, that man just fell flat on his face!
It's like he has this special skill of hitting pressure points.
It is better to lie low until this affair blows over.
Anne Shirley, you're only pretending to be grown up. I believe when you're alone you're as much a little girl as you ever were.
Dan was arrested and charged with rape.
What's the minimum salary in Georgia?
This cage is made of wire.
The maid announced each guest.
What have you to confess now? It's just as well for two fellows to know the worst of one another before they begin to live together.
The patient was cured by the medication.
I was thrown off guard.
This stove burns oil.
The robbery was caught on a security camera.
The hunting dogs followed the scent of the fox.
Why would you go all the way to city to get a burger when there are many burger places here across the street.
How long did it take you to recover from your operation?
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
The religion was in its glory in those days.
Just stick to the protocol, would you?
He's fit for the position.
The dead body was identified by a mole on the cheek.
You have to think of the example you're setting. You'll never be able to lead if you don't set an example worth following.
'Aha', they will say.
I slipped and twisted my ankle.
I bet that I can jump higher than you.
Alice forced herself to stay alert.
Who usually sits on the bench of disgrace?
Since I don't know what questions I'll be asked, I'll have to wing it at my presentation.
I signed for him to approach.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Did you witness the attack?
George bets on horses.
George has excellent ball skills, but is too short to play basketball at a high level.
I bet you smashed your exams.
I can seal the leak.
I gonna button my lips so the truth don't slip.
She never lets you forget her clean-cut image.
Seoul is the capital of South Korea.
The bread is cutting badly because it's very soft.
Alison cannot cook.
My German friend's name is Hans.
The scandal was fatal to his political future.
We are all witnessed the unlucky incident included George.
What a coincidence! My tie is the same as yours.
The plan is to buy half a million dollars worth of shares.
Apollo was in constant communication with Houston Mission Control.
They dealt with the prisoners kindly.
They treat their children like garbage.
You mill mine, and I'll mill the village chief's.
Naturally we will be careful to avoid an accident.
I was with Claudia last week.
And the Lord said to Abraham: Why did Sara laugh, saying: Shall I, who am an old woman, bear a child indeed?
I want to speak to Terry.
Parents often sacrifice themselves to ensure that their children receive a good education.
People need to express themselves; they cannot do so unless society allows them liberty to do so.
The police are searching for clues.
Suddenly the plane begins to rock and the seat belt signs come on.
There's no guarantee that the stock will go up.
The wind is blowing from the south.
We're approaching the end of our journey.
The community were shocked when they heard about the violent attack.
He has traces of lipstick on his cheeks.
Superman can see through walls.
The acting in this series is pathetic.
Let's keep this conversation sub rosa.
I am the humble owner of this mansion.
Everybody calls him Mac.
Jacob settled his account with the bank.
They accused President Johnson of being too soft.
I won't let you treat me like a slave.
The field mice were eating up the farmers' grain.
Whoever hasn't saved anybody has made no enemies for himself.
Emily stays at home alone when her parents are in the factory.
Dan's death was officially ruled as an unfortunate accident.
Twenty teams entered the tournament.
I'm in a unique position.
That is an actual fact.
I believe in Buddha.
Jack came into the room, sobbing.
The king granted freedom to the prisoners.
The hunter shot the fox dead.
If you meet a zombie at night, you will have a heart attack.
We didn't bury the treasure here.
Professor Kay has been studying insects for forty years.
She is a Hollywood star.
"Do you mean that we are going to die too?" asked the child, checking her sobs, and raising her tear-stained face. "I guess that's about the size of it."
Joe spends the majority of his time in sports.
Joe is chasing Mary.
Please take the sugar pot down from the upper shelf.
They got married in Vegas.
This is the final struggle.
Their job is to wipe the tables.
He has studied engineering to an advanced level.
The policeman carries a gas mask.
And the Lord said: Can I hide from Abraham what I am about to do, seeing he shall become a great and mighty nation, and in him all the nations of the earth shall be blessed?
Tommy removed his contacts.
When Peter got up, Jean had already left home.
Emily has such a sweet tooth she never refuses candy.
My teacher was a pervert.
The card you drew was a red, wasn't it?
The dog kept barking at his reflection in the mirror.
He ran 100 meters in 11 seconds flat.
Adam threatened to commit suicide if he should get fired.
This missile is a mobile weapon which can be moved rapidly from one place to another.
For all his genius, he is as unknown as ever.
I heard a shout and then a crash.
I like my old brass tea pot.
Many seek favour from a powerful person.
And the elder said to the younger: Our father is old, and there is no man left on the earth, to come in unto us after the manner of the whole earth.
My regular waitress wouldn't have anything to do with me.
Jacob has not saved anything for retirement.
He's collecting various data.
Paula left the room to call her mother.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be easy.
The worth of friendship is greater than gold.
The sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1,000 meters.
The policeman saved the child from drowning.
He is dreaming of becoming an astronaut.
I'd like to transfer some funds from my account to another account.
Jack works in a fast food joint.
There was a spill on the highway.
Charlie stood next to Margaret, whispering into her ear.
More and more people search methods of natural medicine.
In the 6th century, the Anglo-Saxons adopted Roman characters.
You need to see a shrink.
They sell us copper.
What is the difference between a lightning bolt and a lightning flash?
Naomi is learning English with a view to going abroad.
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
I have no doubt in my mind Muhammad will show up at the auction.
What's your favorite song by the Rolling Stones?
Military life is different from civilian life.
It is forbidden to make the dogs pee.
I met Roy, who asked me to give you this one.
Could we talk to you for a sec?
She kicked the snow off her boots.
She suggested that the customer buy a blue tie.
I have no more desire to eat sweets.
Let us all take off our masks and be frank one to another.
The angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream.
Whenever my Mom has a personal problem her favorite thing to do is write to the advice column in her favorite magazine.
I can't shake the suspicion that this is another of Tommy's jokes.
Man seems to need drama as much as he needs religion.
As people get older, their brain cells become less efficient.
They set up a fund to support the victims.
The traitor betrayed his country to the enemy.
This oil company was involved in a massive oil corruption scandal.
My marriage is the same. It's been on the rocks for ages.
We mustn't forget their sports gear.
Roll up those magazines.
Ming Xiao doesn't know yet where he will go next year.
My tooth is killing me.
William and May agreed to trade places for a week.
When Adams was very young he showed a talent for doing math. He could do very difficult math problems in his head.
A constable was standing at the kitchen door.
I know Muhammad is a spoiled brat.
Elaine Thompson is now the world's fastest woman.
I like instrumental music.
Congratulations on your anniversary.
Tommy was convicted of assault with a deadly weapon.
That tie suits you.
I saw the white trail of his frozen breath.
We haven't been able to find out anything about Grandma and Grandpa.
I dunno if it's a bug or what, but this software doesn't work right.
What are those cards, Jan?
Pardon me, would you explain to me the importance of this phrase?
Alex has received a ransom note.
Yesterday, we had a blast!
Don't treat me like a criminal, because I'm innocent.
The baby was named Alfred after his grandfather.
How can I better serve my fellow man?
What are the sources of happiness?
He's like a big teddy bear.
Silence is golden, not sacred.
Charlie practically accused me of being a traitor.
Oliver deserves his freedom.
I made up my mind to get married to Margaret.
Joe Jackson is a rock legend.
A boy in a cape, pretending to be Superman, jumped off a building last night.
Print it all in small letters.
Don't forget to write the post code.
Fox missed a chance to be a movie star.
The siren sounded an emergency.
The hardest victory is the victory over self.
A design shows the scene of a torture.
Hopefully he has learned from the incident.
Religion is no match for science.
This poem was originally written in French.
I have no time to listen to such everyday affairs.
Joe was the victim of identity theft.
We'll have loads of fun.
A Christmas Carol was first published in 1843.
Howdy folks!
They went on deck.
Why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors?
Harry has messed up everything.
Sharks can smell even a tiny amount of blood in water.
She comes from the South, as I knew from her accent.
She is crying, smiling and shouting; it's hard to watch.
They're coming! Don't move a muscle or you'll ruin the surprise.
Oscar blew his head off with a shotgun.
Jack grew up in the New York Jewish community.
You gotta win that debate!
Wilson felt very happy.
Beware of falling rocks.
My great-grandfather was the leader of a gang.
And he knew him not, because his hairy hands made him like to the elder. Then blessing him,
Has the witness been sworn in?
Record the serial number in the space provided below.
Ding dong, is anybody home?
Margaret is a big fan of theirs.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
I wanted to see the elephant first, but James wanted to see the monkeys.
The exception was in China, where flat bread was probably not eaten.
Their twin daughters are preparing for an exam in the bedroom.
Sasha had a huge bump on his head.
The king and his family live in the royal palace.
I've won my way into University. Now it's time to study like a champ.
"I got nine on my chemistry test. And you?" "The same."
The Space Needle is in Seattle.
A crowd of soldiers waited at Lee's headquarters.
I experienced intense cold at the South Pole last year.
It was a dreadful thing for you to lose your temper like that, Anne.
The Government's domestic policy was announced.
This season of Survivor! is starting off even better than I expected.
I listened with interest to the dialogue of the two detectives.
That'll teach 'em.
My little sister sure knows how to push my buttons.
Joe asked the waiter to pass our compliments to the chef.
"That's a huge shrimp," said Alex.
He who is born for a dime, will never be worth a quarter.
Andre is saving his money up to start a business.
Jacob stabbed Catherine multiple times.
A messenger follows a stone.
We bought this car for 10200 rupees.
Argh, I was so embarrassed today. I wore my clothes inside-out.
The defense has requested bail.
And you, gentlemen, please, follow me.
Jami found a worm hiding behind the rock.
Don't expose the plant to direct sunlight.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
How dare you speak of love, you who never knew Lola?
If Lena had only sung in German, she would have won.
"Nice person," that's the word girls used to call men to indicate that they aren't possible objects of romantic interest.
Adam is such a selfish jerk.
Write your answer into the following blue field.
Land of liberty, land of the future, I salute you!
"Is it possible to catch AIDS from toilet seats?" "No, it isn't."
Sam got a raw deal when he was laid off just before his job would have become permanent.
There is no miracle recipe.
What do you say to a bus tour next Saturday?
You should calm down and stop sending us your arrogant comments.
I don't think Oliver was kidding.
Not everything can be the way we want, Teresa.
Humans have looked to the skies to find their way since ancient times.
Oliver is being denied medical treatment.
The Golden Gate Bridge is in San Francisco.
You don't drive the subway, eh?
I prepared breakfast for Dee.
I'm in my fifth month of pregnancy.
Hang onto Daddy!
The fire fighters put out the fire.
So they spoke together about the garden and about the house and about her father's business and about all manner of things, so that Bella lost altogether her fear of the Beast.
The Intel people are lucky to have you!
He saw a butterfly on the wall.
The human body is only made up of tiny cells.
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and comedy.
He was the strongest candidate for the position.
Many factory workers consider themselves just an average Joe.
The princess rode in a golden carriage.
The argument presented in Doyle's study was first published as a white paper on drug-related crimes.
He gave me precise instructions to do the job.
Your dreams are almost as twisted as my nightmares.
Winston doesn't want to believe in any religion.
Clyde's dad loved to study the stars.
I'm legally deaf and blind.
It was truly a miracle.
The owl gave a loud screech.
Have you ever served as a witness in a court case?
Look at the seventh line from the bottom on page 34.
This is a plant unique to this country.
Are the profits exclusive of taxes?
When your eyes encounter a beautiful woman, knock her out.
I told William to label all the boxes.
Read the note at the bottom of the page.
Glenn has two girlfriends.
He loves to gamble but generally loses.
The weather's rather jolly today.
Dong is a Chinese citizen.
I believe Elvis yet lives.
But the best one was Caleb!
Between them, the two largest companies account for a share of more than 50% of the market.
Mr Thompson had lived in Tokyo for two years before he went back to Scotland.
I want to buy a coffee maker. I can't drink instant coffee any longer. It's disgusting.
The color of the carpet is in harmony with the wall.
The Council Education Committee wants to close a school, but some people don't agree with the idea.
The first fully electronic computer was developed near the middle of the last century.
The trap is made of strong chains.
I can't get sexual satisfaction.
We won the national championship last year.
At first I didn't like ballet, but I've come to like it by degrees.
He went into the bank in the disguise of a guard.
She lives a block away and her name is Susan.
Peggy did not go to see the drama, and neither did I.
He had graduated from the university and was always showing off.
Daddy, let's have a staring contest.
Daddy was in his office, under our flat.
Where a door closes, another opens.
Sabrina slipped and spilled coffee all over Eva's dress.
It was a very passionate love affair.
Joe showed me a magic trick.
"Little pig, let me come in." "Come in." "You know I'm the wolf." "Yes, I do. I hope you won't eat me, will you?"
That's a sad story, but I have the feeling that it now is heading toward a happy ending.
He claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
I learnt many things about Greek culture.
If you mix blue and red, you get violet.
Mr Jones is sick and Mr Brown will teach in his place today.
No construction company will kick us out of here.
Eva sniffs – now she starts crying.
I'm not a ghost-writer, I'm the ghost of a deceased writer.
Yea, that's all it is.
Wow! Is that a shark?
Harry is a scoundrel.
He has the capacity to be a future leader of the nation.
It's Saturday and all the best shows are on.
James made an impressive presentation.
This guy's photos truly have a touch of genius to them.
He took it up with Mr. Jones, who was forever taken up short by his boss, Mr. Douglas.
Jack could hear steps approaching.
Tommy is as dumb as a post.
Dan planned to build a resort on that island.
People called for an immediate invasion of Cuba.
Mummy, who's terrified of mice, had two fears to cope with.
I don't want to be a fifth wheel.
His work was merely a gesture of good will.
Marge works for the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Jack signed the divorce papers.
You're my kind of gal.
The astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle.
The study was published in the journal Science.
Our streets look cleaner than they used to.
This is harmless in itself.
I made a snap judgment.
Harry still calls French fries Freedom fries.
Everyone was worried about Fiona during the first six months of her life.
Did you kidnap him?
The wounds are healing.
They are making spare parts in a car factory.
Aunt Isabel is generous and gave us a lot of presents.
She threw away the papers in a fit of temper.
I got punched in the ribs and it hurt pretty badly.
The coroner is performing an autopsy on Adam to find out what killed him.
Luis does not know his English lesson.
Resist resistance!
Jack knows how to bounce back.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode.
Let's go find a place that serves Buffalo wings.
How dare you to talk in that tone with me!
If the people knew by what small men they are ruled, they would soon rebel.
We're sitting targets here. We need to find cover.
Dan believes this tie belongs to his wife's lover.
Anna keeps Adam's brain in a jar.
The folks who lived before me have done so much for me that I want to show my gratitude by doing something for the folks who will live after me.
Jami has the sniffles.
The runner-up was given an honorable mention.
The murderer is now on trial.
Mr. Johnson's workers are loyal to him.
He has a fake tan.
Did Cathy go, too?
Did you know that the star nearest to Earth is the Sun?
His pulse beats slow.
Last century they would have just thrown someone like Muhammad into a lunatic asylum.
I want to try and get a fish bone stuck in my throat.
We need to clean the camp site before we leave.
The internet is such an incredible development.
Jack and Alice made themselves peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
The assassin was immediately caught, put into a car and driven away from the crime scene.
The convention voted.
Give me the coordinates.
Hey! Throw that float to me.
At first sight it seems that this idea is doomed to fail.
There was no warning whatsoever.
In Hong Kong, English is the second language.
There's an elegant garden behind the palace.
Honestly, I am not the most accurate person on earth.
However, I've never been a guest in an English household that wasn't generous.
I'm not digging your wells.
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.
They have a fabulous view of the creek.
Jacob is using the blow torch.
The country's economy has developed making use of its rich national resources.
The man who makes but one mistake a year because he makes but two decisions is wrong fifty per cent of the time.
I like to chew tobacco.
She was an orphan who lost her parents in a plane crash.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
I went to the bank to withdraw $20,000 from deposit.
Charlie and Catherine saved all of the letters John sent them.
William let out a big sigh of relief.
I turned right on Wong street.
Do you like rock and roll?
George couldn't hack into that website.
The hungry lion roars.
Bees are social animals.
Everybody has a brain, but many haven't understood the instructions.
I always write letters with pen and ink.
The British fought hard and stopped the attack.
He is busy with the final draft.
Congratulations on your promotion.
Make sure to stay in streets that have lighting.
The labor union called a strike.
He assumed the leadership of the political party.
The ship is bearing due north.
The guide led Joe through the jungle to show him the Indian village.
If you can't afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you before any questioning if you wish.
He was in the process of making a final decision.
My husband is loving and caring.
Aren't you a cop?
Muhammad said that he didn't want to get into a shouting match.
It ain't all it's cracked up to be.
She's off the grid, and European authorities want her arrested.
The fire was too hot, and the cakes were burned quite black on the bottom.
I put a brick on top of the rubbish bin so the wind wouldn't tear it open.
William said that he would not tolerate any animals in his flat.
We, by ourselves, are able to, without a typical crab.
They dug down up to twelve meters under sea level.
Oliver is an incredible writer.
The match was cancelled due to the bad weather.
Pirates are cruel.
Damon showed me his stamp album.
The attack was launched by a suicide car bomb.
That was a broad hint.
Are you her pimp?
If the world is saved, it will only be on account of children.
The building you see over there is an auto factory.
The debate continues into the 1980s and 1990s.
Trees put forth young shoots all at once.
The pilot made an emergency landing in the desert.
The ship is sailing north.
Cookie just wanted a belly rub.
Alice was such a lovely bride.
Here's to you! Cheers!
Lucy has a ringing in her right ear.
I'm working as a security guard.
Avoid walking on the streets alone at night.
It came to a grand total of 150,000 euros.
Are you okay? Are you stressed?
Can you drive a car with manual transmission?
I said to Chad that you're in a position to influence people.
It makes no difference to me that Max has come.
In the distance I hear the sound of softly murmuring roads.
Alex got fired from his work for serious breach of discipline.
He is so gay.
Alex came to my rescue, like a knight in shining armor.
Charlie works on an oil rig.
Charlie arrived in the nick of time.
Hey boy, bring us the dice.
And then the Romans came in 55 B. C.
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
That fellow has the nerve to show up again!
This beef is four dollars per pound.
Hang on a minute. I'll call Jimmy.
You could always hand off some of the work to the junior staff.
The bees close the cells with a film of wax.
First of all, we have to plant all these seeds.
James felt like crawling under a rock.
Abraham then immediately returned to his servants and so they went home with heavenly blessing.
The population of this town has been static for the last ten years.
Canada is awesome!
Trick or treat.
He is sure to set a new record in the triple jump.
Jami identified Lucy's body at the morgue.
Oliver and Anna tied their boats to the dock.
Can you meet me at nine o'clock on Saturday morning?
Muhammad planted some explosives near the middle of the bridge.
George is teaching Monica a card trick that he learned from John.
Some people are put on this earth to serve as a warning to others.
Does The Earth move from East to West or vice-versa?
The tribal wise man shared his knowledge with all the young.
Each sheet bears a number in sequence.
They brought solid fuel with them.
There are even more tourists in Florence.
Are there any military hospitals in Boston?
We should do as Jacob suggests.
Muhammad has started coughing heavily and I'm worried about his health.
I congratulate you on passing the examination.
He looked upon it as his duty to see to the welfare of the people on his land.
Which search engine do you use?
The child next door was showing off his brand new bicycle to his friends.
The remains of human cities dot the Earth.
I teach Mr Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
Just reading a computer manual is like practicing swimming on dry land.
Jami is meeting with a client.
She's a dumb blonde.
Carmen would have died from hunger if William hadn't had expert knowledge of bush tucker.
Marina read magazines on weekends.
Beam me up, Scotty.
He's such a sweetheart.
Come over here so I can smack you.
Alex took a soda from the fridge and started drinking it.
I always want to encourage girls and boys to pursue their dreams, no matter how big.
They discussed the possibility of a secret and secure communications channel.
William is chip off the old block.
Don't bullshit me!
He led me to financial ruin.
Every perfect man in literature has always been created by the pen of a woman.
I bet the prices won't be much higher than they were last time.
The foundation is cracking.
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
Bon voyage!
The Statue of Liberty is the symbol of America.
Cutting corners will save you money in the short-run but cost you customers in the long-run.
Why has Joe been digging holes in his backyard?
She is acting from some selfish motive.
There is a rumor that John and Sue will get married.
They bought a site with lovely views of the ocean.
He's considering becoming a sailor.
Men are idiots when it comes to women and I'm sure James is no exception.
A powerful flame results from a tiny spark.
She's at home resting and preparing for the exam.
George would punch and kick his son for just any reason.
Don't set foot in the lion's den!
This program was recorded on tape before a live audience.
Take it easy, bud.
William is still in therapy.
He turned up the volume on the television.
History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
Alex is a ticking time bomb.
The engine runs as smooth as butter.
Does your family background involve Chinese medicine?
I opened the chess game with the Italian opening.
I want to avoid rush hour.
We are not in a position to fulfill your expectations.
They're thieves and murderers.
George decided to become a monk.
Jean-Luc gives Beverly the book by Shakespeare.
Jacob is a brave lad.
Without the risk of pain, there can be no happiness and joy.
Among the items found in the purse was the photo of a man.
Her fingers were too weak to fold it.
I wasted away to skin and bone.
That town is the center of the steel industry.
George is a comic book villain.
You needn't have done that, chief.
I find his every word truly offensive.
The new tunnel will link Great Britain and France.
This family has been turning out lawyers generation after generation.
He who wounds by the sword, dies by the sword.
May his life be blessed with health and happiness all through.
I forgot to stick the stamp onto the letter to be sent.
A major had to take command of the division.
I still love classic rock.
The Germans then attacked the English forces on the right side.
Do you realise what you're asking me to do?
Our security cameras are fake.
We celebrate our Independence Day on the Fourth of July.
Is this financial suicide?
We're talking about a British colony.
There were a lot of murders last year.
Oscar owns a cabin near a lake.
They are the extreme cases.
The Japanese eat more beef than the British do.
She takes into consideration the mixed relationships.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
Adam was attacked by a wild turkey.
We had to get something to eat so we stopped at a restaurant near the exit.
She belongs to the new generation of rock.
The conclusion is crystal clear.
A trip to Korea for 3 nights and four days is 30,000 yen. That's super cheap.
Jacob sells vegetables in his stall at the farmers market.
Courtesy marked his manner.
Edward is younger than Robert.
Now that we're in our new house, I have to inform the post office of the change of address.
Dan created his company from scratch.
I beg your pardon; I didn't quite catch your name.
Russia has two problems: fools and roads.
The language of that tribe is as complex as any other human language.
However, all these data were not confirmed.
William Jackson said in a recent phone interview that he wouldn't be playing in today's game.
We don't take credit cards.
Barbara's success is beyond question.
Her name is Nina?
Thousands of young soldiers are preparing for battle.
When it was put that clearly, I was at a loss for a response.
My wife sings in the ladies' choir.
The color of that tie does not match the suit.
My father had a heart attack yesterday, but he was lucky to have a clinic close at hand.
He slams the door shut.
Our conscience is the witness to our most secret crimes.
He is under constant surveillance.
They also promised religious freedom.
The ceremony is to turn away evil spirits.
Have you ever watched the '90s TV show Xena Warrior Princess?
The student offered to be a teacher's assistant, or a TA.
There are some spectacular things on that site.
You're grounded, mister.
Tina soon got used to Japanese food.
Charles I had his head cut off.
Charlie is a big fan of science fiction.
He thinks he is fit for the position.
Would there be traitor among us?
Where the heck does he work?
The section chief accepted the proposal.
If mankind doesn't take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
It's routine procedure.
They went in search of happiness.
She isn't wearing her lab coat.
He was promoted to the position of school principal.
Joe was believed to have shot the prisoner.
Joe also witnessed the attack.
Touch the base of the lamp once to turn it on and twice to turn it off.
You shouldn't have signed a confession.
By the end of the century, the earth will have experienced a dramatic increase in temperature.
They're making very sophisticated weapons.
Why don't we trade LINEs?
This sunlight linked me through the ages to that past consciousness.
There were not many doctors in the gold fields.
Happiness and sadness only last for a time.
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well.
Don't you understand what's at stake here?
Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution.
It is expected to be a fine day after some isolated fog and a passing shower.
She's done wonders in the scientific field.
What's your favorite Broadway musical?
What's your social security number?
One vice leads to another.
Phillip isn't an engineer.
I am about to proceed on a long and difficult voyage.
Adam worries about security.
The starving dogs tore into the garbage.
They often say I like a spirit of cooperation.
Olivia knew that she was developing a problem when her usual five o'clock drink started happening at twelve o'clock.
Poetry has no other goal than itself.
I put a stone at the edge of the sheet so that it won't get blown away by the wind.
This land is my property.
I'm going to a monster truck rally.
That doesn't fit the pattern.
Tommy was raped by his father.
Did you drive a Mercedes in Germany?
Focus on your breathing.
When your girlfriend finds out about this the shit's going to hit the fan.
Mary now lives with her friend Sophie.
Aren't you afraid of getting infected by the virus?
They're ringing the doorbell.
The signal's very weak.
It took Brian several hours to write a card.
He was beside himself on her account.
Jacob turned on the electric fan.
I could be insane.
Alex hasn't lost a match all season.
Identify your goals.
Chances of promotion are slim in this firm.
Do you have a roll of toilet paper?
I stayed in the booth with my mom and my dad.
He keeps stepping on other's toes.
Did Mr Davis come to Japan to teach English?
That runs against my principles.
This system will work well in nine cases out of ten.
Do William and Emma have criminal records?
Oh my mother tongue! In your words I prayed my first prayer: Have mercy on me and on my parents, my God!
The Mafia uses legitimate business operations as a front.
The car has a tire underneath.
Louie, your friends are coming. Clean up.
Laur pretended to have a headache to avoid answering her cousin's questions.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him for it.
Kate is running in the field now.
"I think it's kinda weird," he said.
I stopped sending Christmas cards three years ago.
It smells like olive oil.
I reckon it's time to wake up Robert.
A dog runs after a cat, and the cat after a mouse.
Usually before a concert there is an announcement asking the audience to either turn off their phones or switch them to manner mode.
That would be truly revolutionary.
A golden key opens all doors.
I haven't smoked for ages.
People love sports heroes.
William is heading west.
That was a lousy trick.
Adam is not a drug dealer, he's a rug dealer.
This page is not nicely printed so print it again.
I have no backup plan.
Before you put the noodles in the pot, you have to break them up into small pieces.
Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
Thank you very much for the post card!
Dennis lay flat on the floor.
He never misses reading the papers every day.
Gotta go.
We need a sample in addition to materials.
Carol couldn't choke back her tears.
I can read Polish at a basic level.
We must replace this moth-eaten carpet.
Yesterday, I bought a green sofa, but it wouldn't fit through the door, which is why I had to return it.
George is learning the Greek letters.
It's a risky operation.
I am not particularly fond of Shaw's plays.
We hid our worries from our wives.
The belt is brown.
Construction materials are expensive at the moment.
I could hear footsteps coming up the stairs.
He was attacked as he was returning home late at night.
Dan sexually abused Linda.
Tommy loaded the boxes onto the truck.
Where's the nearest underground station?
A protection system has been built into this circuit.
Wrap it up and put a bow on it.
How did you know where Muhammad hid the diamonds?
Alex is an expert at throwing knives.
I wish I'd kissed Oliver goodnight.
The factory uses many complicated machines.
Jami stopped recording.
This medication is only available through prescription.
She basically said that, without going into details.
I don't like messy places like this. I'd rather live somewhere clean and peaceful.
The timing will be crucial.
He opened the cage and set the birds free.
George lost his job because the firm decided that a robot could do his job better.
Except for leap years, February has only 28 days.
Muhammad is the one who owns all this land.
I'm the director of this clinic.
Meredith is Alice's friend.
I'm very serious about wanting to be a good magician.
Oliver likes to listen in on over-privileged tourists' conversations at the corner cafe.
In the meantime, we learnt from our mistakes.
Charlie is not violent and he never picks fights with anybody.
Millions of people starve to death every year.
Italian is a very romantic language.
I think the wind's dropping off.
The capital of Mexico is the largest city in Latin America.
I put the shopping bag on the table with a thud.
At that time, the territory belonged to Spain.
How can someone who has hundreds of millions of dollars possibly be unhappy?
She is a lady among ladies.
Politicians are called whores because they listen to people who don't agree with us.
A puppet does not know that it is being controlled.
He arrived to the accident scene nine hours after the crash.
The effects on the atmosphere and ocean, as well as environment, are all very important.
He gave up traveling abroad because of his sudden illness.
She does Mickey Mouse very well.
They are violent criminals.
I'm not familiar with that term.
Which days of the week does your favourite rock band play?
My opponent hit a wicked drop shot to save the first match point.
Tommy didn't want to work in the coal mines, so he moved to the city.
The riot began with the southern people.
How much is it including insurance and tax?
Mars is a large rock with a thin atmosphere.
Warning: fragile.
Jacob and Margaret claim that they acted in self defense.
Sooner or later I'll take a hammer and destroy everything I see.
"If you stop loving the robot, it will take its revenge upon you" "That robot will--" "Yes" " What type of revenge?" "It will kill you"
Dan didn't turn in his weapon for testing.
They don't make 'em like they used to.
"Now, where's my freaking money?" "I don't have money; I spent all my money on dinner." "You will find money." "Or else what?" "I will seize your house!" "Shit!"
Michael is a man's name, but Michelle is a woman's name.
The leading brand of pop drinks in most countries is Coca-Cola.
Is his pulse regular?
The old lady is bound to fart.
Didn't you know that the east Asian New Year is today?
Ann gave an account of how she had escaped.
Pour the dressing over the salad and toss gently.
I'm the patrol leader.
You shouldn't live merely in pursuit of your own happiness.
Is everyone here with the CIA?
We used to sacrifice people to the gods. We don't anymore.
Once upon a time, there lived in a village a little girl called Little Green Hood.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
His death was ruled a homicide.
Happiness is a good flow of life.
Muhammad stepped out onto the balcony.
He adopted a war orphan and is bringing her up as a foster daughter.
They are persons with no moral conscience.
In the battle they captured weapons from the enemy.
Paul is smarter than Otto.
The detective took six months to get at the truth of that affair.
There are some flies on the wall.
She cried for joy when she heard that her son had survived the plane crash.
I feel like I'm in a fantasy novel.
The factory will begin to produce next year.
Sleeping with the television on is not good for the brain.
These shorts don't fit anymore.
This author doesn't understand at all why a man and a woman who can't become lovers would become friends.
He joined his colleagues in the director's office.
The crew is now opening the hatch.
Maybe I lack the talent for marrying.
We have no objection to your joining us in our club.
Oliver keeps a rabbit's foot as a good-luck charm.
Tommy's foot slipped on a rock and he lost his balance.
Today is very hot; it is 45 °C in the shade.
I only buy soft toilet paper.
Jami recovered physically but not emotionally.
Where is your first aid kit?
Dan needed money and sought financial relief from his father.
How many minutes does it take to get to the JR station on foot?
I imagined my first kiss would be more romantic.
The corpse has a gunshot wound in the chest.
The engine is making strange noises.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
Whoever knocks get opened up to.
Jennifer has been working in London since January.
Hey, that's my hobby. Go find your own.
We had our photograph taken with a star player.
It was April 1905 when a school was built on the site of the theatre.
The land is beneath me.
I am Ji Sung Park.
That is a criminal offense, and you will surely be punished!
One of the events was the Battle of New Orleans.
James wasn't kidding about that.
How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?
The invitation said that popcorn and soft drinks would be served.
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.
As a result of his substance abuse problems, Oscar was really down and out until he checked himself into rehab and cleaned up his act.
The terrorist attack in Paris has shocked the world.
Help us spy on you. Create Facebook accounts.
In the best-case scenario, life is just a sea of troubles.
Tim settled down after he got married.
If they discover our secret, it will be the whole shooting match.
It was the final straw.
He is an unpleasant fellow.
I'll treat this play simply as a tragedy.
That was some party, eh?
As children, we are forbidden from messing around.
Boris asked me to give this to you.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
Just flush the toilet.
It's so grey out there that I can't see the mountains on the other side of the valley.
A lie said to avoid hurting someone's feelings and expectations is called a "white lie."
James ate half a bag of potato chips.
He dragged the creature.
It's hard for me, reading letters on the monitor.
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
The romance about outer space still lives in a few of us.
I'll be frank with you.
There was some mud on Harry's boots.
It doesn't ring any bells.
Didn't she only have five quid?
This door locks by itself.
This oil painting dates from the 17th century.
"Omar" is a religious series.
David has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names.
Jami thought he was surrounded at night by threatening spirits.
I changed my profile picture on Facebook.
I can't accept the invitation because I have another engagement.
Let's take a little break and look at the story from a somewhat different angle.
Thousands of soldiers and civilians were dying.
I live in Milan.
They intended to increase the military budget.
James Monroe easily won the election.
You're a stinking moron.
Oscar has trouble opening bottles.
I ripped up the note and threw it away.
Muhammad can't account for his whereabouts on the day that Alice was murdered.
A home is a once-in-a-lifetime purchase so you don't want to make any snap decisions.
We burn all desire for freedom.
I hope Charlie pulls through this.
Lucy likes to chop wood.
The database is full.
The company earned $300 million on sales of $4,000 million.
I will respond to both of your letters.
Sadly, the world is full of idiots.
The drug was revealed to cause liver damage.
Pasta is called pasta because it's the Italian word for "dough" from which it is made.
And he said: What is thy name? He answered: Jacob.
The first minutes after a heart attack are crucial.
Meanwhile, many more people fell, one after the other.
Sons of God, we are divine seeds. One day, we will be what our Father is.
I'm not a fan of that maniac.
The governor set the prisoners free.
Her exotic perfume has a subtle scent.
Monica pat her dog on the head.
Muhammad played his highest card.
He had a little piano on wheels, and a poor thin monkey which sat on top of it.
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
To serve people is his sole object in life.
Walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
This tie matches your suit.
I feel Coke.
My aunty is feeling sick.
Jersey Shore gave New Jersey a bad reputation.
Many western customs have taken root in Japan.
You made the holes deeper.
This bolt fits this nut.
Be like the palm tree - the more it gets pressed by the cliff, the quicker and more beautiful its rise to the top.
I ran into Michael and Caroline in town this afternoon.
The court declared the defendant innocent.
His statements are childish and they often bother me.
I admire her truly.
I already have something planned for Friday, so I won't be able to make it to the drinking session.
Alice wore a silver pin on her coat.
The German government ordered the destruction of these smart dolls because they could be used to spy on children.
Benjamin has a sack of potatoes.
We're not in sync yet.
I'm a slow walker.
Typical Japanese babies sleep with their mother after coming home from hospital.
Detectives don't suspect foul play.
"Hey, you shut up! You talk too much," the gangster said.
Don't sneak up on me like that.
Different flowers bloom in each season.
Juan is a Mexican citizen.
Joe rode his bicycle through the alley.
This rash should go away by itself in a couple of weeks.
Muhammad is serving some customers.
When they offered to sell him a rocket for eight million dollars, he rejected the offer as too expensive.
It's because it doesn't have a very good design, despite having good performance.
Since they left the national highway, they hadn't come across another car.
Stop kicking me.
When you apologize, you lay the foundation for a future offense.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
The independent candidate took the abortion issue off his platform.
Dan died of brain cancer in Mexico.
You don't have to punish yourself like this.
The largest animal on land is the elephant.
The wall protected me from the rain.
This treasure is fabulous.
John comes from Florida and his wife from California.
Where is the nuclear waste storage facility?
The elevator's out of order, so we'll have to take the stairs. At least it's only two floors!
Harry and Monica built a snow fort in the backyard.
Whew! This is a tough hill. But coming back sure will be a breeze.
Say something. Your sudden silence troubles me.
I am a big fan of the arts.
Ling is a Chinese citizen.
When her neighbors were sick, she asked doctors to give them medical supplies.
Ghost existence does not prove that there's life after death. They can be elements of another dimension.
Muhammad, you're scaring the customers!
She is among the best artists of today.
I never bet on horse races.
Hallelujah is an expression of praise or thanks to God.
It is hoped that this new policy will create jobs on a large scale.
Jacob and Alice put their fingers to their lips.
Give the television remote control back to me.
William didn't testify.
I don't call this a spider; I would call it a monster.
He has a fabulous reputation for his high integrity.
The branch began to bend as I climbed along it.
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange fluid in the bottle.
This melody is familiar to many Japanese.
I often go to Elena's house.
I don't know how but Margaret finds a way of washing her hair without washing away her makeup.
The company is equally owned by the two groups.
Don't you want to trade places with me?
This book counts among the best of his work.
I have relatives in Los Angeles.
Lee said those were the conditions he had expected.
The police are now checking on Alex's alibi.
The winner gets a trophy.
We're having a barbecue next Saturday.
The last three blocks! Come on! Cheer up!
The Indians' ancestors arrived from Asia.
Gimme a look-see.
Luck smiles upon those whom Justice lets slip.
Japan and the U.S. are the most important trading partner to each other.
He was just appointed as the American ambassador to Japan.
Priests receive health insurance.
Oscar left a note for Alice in her locker.
The tall guy smoking a cigar over there is a famous director.
After that, internal temperature begins to climb rapidly.
They could not stop the southern attack.
Joe didn't leave a suicide note, so the police suspect murder.
They reported the ship to be ten kilometers from shore.
Mr. Thomas had no objection to Mr. White being elected chairman.
George, who was adopted at birth, only met his biological mother for the first time a few weeks ago.
Are these soldiers or monsters?
She gave an amateur performance on the piano.
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money.
My software never has bugs. It just has random features.
I have followed your advice, my dear colleague.
The knife has a keen blade.
Dark energy is an invisible force that is pushing our universe apart.
My fellow Americans, it has been the honor of my life to serve you.
You are the person who best fits the position.
I won't eat the apple's core.
The government has increased its financial aid to the developing nations.
Joan broke her left arm in the accident.
The enemy were driven out of the land.
He committed many sins in his youth.
Marc posted his letter.
The abuse of alcohol among young people is a serious problem.
By all means maintain an open mind, but not so open that your brain falls out.
It is a guessing game as to what they will come up with next!
The tumor was removed.
George had to fill out lots of forms.
Police are investigating the crash.
That's no way to treat a guest.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
Now, lets just hope James stays in Boston.
How much property does the landlord own?
The jet plane had 500 passengers on board.
We expect an early settlement of the affair.
For this design house it was an appropriate strategy to introduce even more radical colors into computer production.
The crowd threw rocks at the mayor and didn't let him finish his speech.
Venice is one of the world's most romantic cities.
Tommy should've planted more corn this year.
She is deeply attached to her parents.
Different experiences lead to different choices.
Then I heard a gentle creaking as the window was very slowly opened.
I like pro wrestling.
What stroke of genius must a child have to learn to play the piano?
He sings like a cat caught in a fan belt.
He has swords and purse.
Have you ever been a witness in a court case?
All hope abandon ye who enter here.
I'm rubber, you're glue.
Harry kicked the ball into his own net.
I'm dreaming about pancakes.
Since I had suffered from hay fever for many years, this medicine was truly like a salvation.
This is the reason that she succeeded as a pop singer.
People were created to be loved, things were created to be used. The world is in chaos, because everything is opposite.
A satellite has to operate in space within massive temperature differences.
Carmen went to an elite boarding school.
Do you have a 401(k)?
I used the spoon Jacob gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
Her party won the most votes in the election.
He shed innocent blood just for kicks.
Joe is a political scientist.
Christians believe in Jesus Christ.
Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
Jack currently owns three vehicles.
He bound the clothes together with a string.
Adam saw Laur waiting in front of the warehouse.
James fed his hostage junk food.
The hawk caught a rat.
Here is the final agenda for the meeting on June 16.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
This is a one hundred million dollar stadium.
Everything fell into my lap.
Doesn't that strike you as odd?
Nicole speaks Japanese well.
Anna says the tap water made her sick.
That actress is often laughed at for her very long chin.
This register is out of commission.
The tale is familiar to us.
I can't take your whining anymore!
I feel quite at ease among strangers.
The explosion ruled out their survival.
He isn't afraid of heights, is he?
I got through with my dignity intact.
I'll explore the seven seas in a giant bucket.
This small wound will heal itself.
We have captured one of their spies.
In September, 1929, stock prices stopped rising.
Stop dragging your heels.
Kate always shows off her diamond ring.
He tried to maintain a calm expression, but his shaking hands betrayed him.
Management has even cut back on toilet paper since the crisis.
Who's your favorite comic book super hero?
There were a lot of great bands at the festival.
His conduct was nothing short of madness.
Kindly follow these instructions closely.
Get an egg from the fridge.
William lifted up a rock and looked under it.
Mix two parts of rum with one part of lemon juice.
We're going to review your proposal.
I hung my hat on the peg.
The tube was shattered by the explosion.
She will often sit there feeding birds.
Eva has shiny blonde hair.
Switzerland is the country to the east of France.
He made a motion that we stop and rest awhile.
They are planning to connect the cities with a railroad.
We need to control the river to build the dam.
Do not hesitate to celebrate your defeat... as long as you're the winner's guest.
This mustn't be exposed to the sun.
I've got a feeling that nobody cares about their accent as much as the Russians.
If I wasn't a human girl, I think I'd like to be a bee and live among the flowers.
I want you to meet my new squeeze.
Centuries ago, there were merely 200 countries in the world; today in the 23rd century, there are over 1000.
We entered a narrow corridor.
At night the temperature fell below freezing.
Shane shows he is a coward.
Entry is free of charge.
Lately I've had the feeling there has been someone following me constantly.
Jack holds a high position in an oil company.
He always takes note of his boss's movements.
Marco plays tennis twice a week.
Please lend me ten cents.
Critical thinking is an important skill for any career.
Oliver felt both betrayed and humiliated.
I think it's a good idea to spend some time apart so you can see each other differently.
He's a buzz kill.
The judges haven't yet picked the best book.
It's a relief to have finished the assignment on time.
Oscar is a security specialist.
What a remarkable performance!
I'm doing everything I can to avoid catching a cold.
Ram's table is besides mine.
Diana came over, dressed in HER second-best dress and looking exactly as it is proper to look when asked out to tea.
He shot an arrow at the soldier.
Just give me the coffee pot and you take my mug.
Napoleon's army advanced on Moscow.
He came here with his victim in a four-wheeled cab, which was drawn by a horse with three old shoes and one new one on his off fore-leg.
Erik’s eyes were still shut.
Muhammad is planning on entering the competition, isn't he?
I visited a lot of different areas in England.
His head had been shattered by a savage blow from some heavy weapon.
Can a non-native English speaker ever win a debate against a native speaker at the highest levels of debate?
I just have to put the finishing touches on the presentation. It's almost done.
I'd get a soup plate and then slide the glass very carefully over to the edge of the table, and let the water run into the soup plate - it doesn't have to run onto the floor.
The interrogation went on for several hours.
I have seen "Star Wars" twice.
He started humming to himself.
We couldn't reach the initial goal.
He's a fly fisher.
I have a pressing engagement elsewhere.
His customers include well-known restaurants in New York City.
Who is this old dame?
Bert doesn't go to high school, does he?
Did you see grandpa's wheelchair?
Don't erase the sample sentence.
He turned with a vengeance against the religion he was brought up in.
What a bizarre tale!
Have you seen this bull's horns? They're huge!
Every Monday Mrs. Evans washed all the family's clothes in the tin bath.
Never have I read so terrifying a novel as this.
For you to come out and say that kind of thing now would just be pouring oil on the fire.
His skin smelled like cotton candy.
If my plane doesn't crash, and if I do not get kidnapped by organ thieves, I will drop you a line at the beginning of the week.
Those who intended to stay quickly adopted the island speech patterns, while those who did not, did not.
God created the devil.
My name is Agnes Black.
How dare you embarrass me like that!
The accident happened in one of the President's official trips.
You mustn't spare your efforts so that you can realize your dream in the future.
What makes you think the Middle East is more important than the Pacific islands?
Her parents insisted that she spend the summer in prep school
Muhammad exposed Valentina as a fraud.
Jacob hung the calendar on the wall.
He was wearing a gold necklace and a coat made of bird feathers.
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
As I entered the coffee shop, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
If you're watching this video, you are the heir to my estate.
He can run 100 meters within twelve seconds.
In a conversation with my professor, it became clear to me that the legacy of this poet deserves greater regard.
Magnetic fields are invisible.
Jerusalem is not just a Muslim issue. It's an international issue.
Oscar began working as a volunteer at the homeless shelter while he was still in high school.
The desire to fly in the sky like a bird inspired the invention of the airplane.
There is no happiness in the world, but there is peace and freedom.
I didn't know that babies could have political opinions.
Oscar could be Carmen's replacement.
We can't land the plane on that field.
The page to which he is referring no longer exists.
He who pays the piper, calls the tune.
I'm going to do a magic trick.
It's free for European Union citizens.
Nobody was conscious of my presence there.
I'm thinking of becoming a nun.
Let's assume you get super-rich by betting on races.
Fred grew up to be a surgeon.
I pray for your happiness from the bottom of my heart.
Fred took a liking to Jane and started dating her.
They went on an expedition to the North Pole.
We pledge to do our share.
Tommy bought three bottles of expensive champagne.
A dog barks at strangers.
Favors and compliments can't not be effective in these sorts of circumstances.
What is shown on television is, as it were, a reflection of what society is like.
George is a mutant.
They are in a scientific laboratory.
With being in the trade, I am able to get goods at a discount.
This shows that English isn't just for the British anymore.
You have no legal right to seize my property.
The gross amount of the loss was larger than 100 million yen.
Lee was dressed in his finest clothing.
The troops landed in Greece.
I got a bee sting.
I've just signed the divorce papers; I'm free at last!
The concept is quite alien to our way of thinking.
If you owe your bank manager a thousand pounds, you are at his mercy. If you owe him a million pounds, he is at your mercy.
The best solution can only be found by a process of trial and error.
The tree throws a shadow on the grass.
Mary is sucking on a candy.
It's the mayor who will perform the marriage of the two young people.
The ambulance broke down in the middle of the avenue.
Today is our regular closing day.
He has an important position in the firm.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
A senior government official was arrested on corruption charges.
Daddy must be able to cook at least one egg!
James creates his own belief systems.
Eye witnesses saw George walking south on Park Street just after the bombing.
U.S. average temperature has increased by 1.3°F to 1.9°F since record keeping began in 1895; most of this increase has occurred since about 1970.
Emma insulted the waiter.
Valentina cast a spell on James.
How long were you there before the security guard arrived?
Their approach is unique.
This document is highly confidential. For your eyes only.
Thus passes the glory of the world.
The police were heading for a shake down.
The crow spread his wings.
Aww, they are so cute together.
Japan is today considered to be one of the greatest economic powers of the world.
The gang was planning a robbery.
The father was the one who cut the cord.
"God created man in his image." -- "Have you ever thought about what that means?" Jack asked,"Yeah." answered Maria,"If god had a camera, we wouldn't exist."
We recovered quickly from the food poisoning.
Flame blows off, the same way man dies too.
I'm so short of money at the moment that I keep having to dip into my precious savings
Harry mentally kicked himself.
I hope we will get to the bottom of this mystery together.
I like rock and roll.
George is wearing what appears to be some kind of uniform.
Charlie stood trial for armed robbery.
Alex's arrival seemed to be the cue for everyone to get up and start talking.
I reached out because he runs a hotel chain.
It's cute, and more importantly, of good quality.
Everything on top of the table started rattling when the earthquake hit.
He could not sign official papers.
Your castle is under attack.
And we said to him: We cannot go: if our youngest brother go down with us, we will set out together: otherwise, without him we dare not see the man's face.
Don't be so sentimental.
A simple wooden cross marks Tommy's grave.
The tie doesn't fit with my suit.
It is said that the old chapel is haunted.
I was just returning from college and I was in your neighbourhood.So,I thought I would drop by for a chat.
Someone rang the doorbell, it's the maid.
Their maintenance costs are enormous.
I can't read the title of the book at the bottom of the stack from this far away.
Oscar currently holds the school record for the 100 yard dash.
My daughter's pet is a rat.
Let's cut to the chase.
We've reported the bus driver to the tour company.
William is a tanner.
The cottage industry is in good health.
The bone caught in my throat.
That dog is super enormous.
Slow but steady wins the race.
Adam headed back to the camp site.
You screwed with his head.
On the arrow that hits him, the bird sees his own feathers.
The jury showed no mercy.
Jacob is knocking.
Charlie's fiancée was there.
The TV set into the wall looks disgusting.
Scott, prepare the advertising budget right now!
If you want something done right, sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself.
Have you ever seen anyone freak out the way she did?
His men began their attack on Mexico City.
I accidentally kicked a large rock and broke my toe.
Don't shut the door with a bang.
There's a fishing lodge near Boston that I often go to.
Oscar said he heard a lot of shots.
He respects Einstein, an American scientist.
A lot of people are dealing with hay fever now.
Charlie saved the world from an evil genius.
I'd like to open a checking account.
The only thing that matters is the final product not the process.
On the eve of the festival, people go out for a walk by the river.
Where was the vehicle damaged?
The wise man masters his steps well.
What's up, kiddo?
Did you think I was a cop?
Don't monkey around with my papers.
Jacob said he didn't want to get into a shouting match.
Tommy arrived at the train station just as his train was pulling away from the platform.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process files.
The battery light is showing that the battery is not getting charged.
The actor couldn't remember his lines.
The witch laid a curse on the unfortunate little girl.
He pressed his ear against the wall.
It ain't like before, you know.
Is it possible to pass the tax accountant exam by self study?
Religion's role is central.
The twins were so alike that it was difficult to tell them apart.
Jacob and Laur saw themselves in the mirror that was hanging on the wall.
We can't close the deal until my partner arrives.
Dean can really put away the food.
Easter is the most important Christian holiday.
William spent his days dreaming about time machines.
The table was groaning with food.
Zero, ten, one hundred, one thousand, one million, one billion.
Charlie found the treasure at the bottom of the lake.
He wants to develop the country's military more during the next few years.
We are making spare parts in a car factory.
He hung up his keys on the hook.
The author of these lines was never in the country he wrote about in his poem.
Valentina opened her own dance studio.
Jack threatened Lucy with his sword.
George Washington was born on 22nd February 1732.
One more moment and I'll disappear.
The fight continues!
Parts of the country are so dry as to be almost desert.
Iron is harder than gold.
I can help you chart the course, but you have to make the journey on your own.
Most Japanese opposed a tax increase.
The atmosphere here is unbelievable.
Muhammad told the waiter to give our compliments to the chef.
Jade, take a small gun.
He was attacked there by the rebels.
How dare you speak to me in that tone!
It is quite a grand view.
I had to see Jacques.
They're throwing papers around the room.
How do you rate the city manager's performance over the past three years?
Every evening after school we met in his back garden and arranged Indian battles.
As long as they're not doing it in public, let 'em go for it.
I wish my neighbors would get rid of their wind chimes.
Do you still sometimes eat at Chuck's Diner?
James was put in an ambulance and driven to the hospital.
Give me the metal bucket with the oil in it.
He is gay.
No one in the neighborhood believed him to be a genius even after he had achieved world-wide fame.
James got there just in the nick of time.
Bow down to your new leader.
Hopefully they slip up.
I go to San Pablo.
He blew soap bubbles.
Kate is crazy about a new singer who often appears on TV.
Regulations are killing our economy.
Tommy says he can trace his ancestors back about 300 years.
George doesn't use any social media.
I caught sight of hundreds of birds.
The girl at the door is Lucy.
If you go on at that rate, you will surely fail.
About 30 million tourists come to Venice each year.
This is grass-fed organic beef.
He was panting to have a go at it.
Charlie is teaching Valentina a card trick he learned from John.
You were about to dump her flat out, weren't you?
The poor child was born deaf and dumb.
His strength is much greater than that of an ordinary man.
The soldiers were marching with their swords shining.
The troops were retired from the front lines.
Many children will be going from door to door saying "Trick or treat?" on Halloween night.
Each society has a different institution.
How awesome is that?
Thanks to television, we can enjoy watching baseball games in our rooms.
Harry has been searching for his birth parents.
He was refused medical treatment.
They're welfare queens.
I'm practically starving.
The final score was two to nothing.
I occasionally worry myself to death about worthless nonsense.
Oscar signed up for a free trial.
George is his usual self today.
The sun and the moon rise in the east and set in the west.
The former president of South Africa has passed away.
This is important enough for separate treatment.
A scientist will read dozens of books in his lifetime, but still believe he has a lot more to learn.
In an empty place, an emperor has no power.
A penny saved is a penny gained.
George flies a chopper.
His works will endure for centuries.
We have been visited by a nation-wide economic boom.
Gold had been discovered in California.
With only that much pension I'm concerned about life in retirement.
Don't dump garbage here.
Karen is not angry with me.
I just flew in from San Francisco.
Give my regards to your folks.
Oliver is having a panic attack.
You're kidding, aren't you?
You can speak in Chinese. Lily will translate for me.
Muhammad had a hard time raising enough money build the orphanage he'd promised to build.
They made a desperate call to the coast guard.
What's your favorite non-Google search engine?
Maybe the whole herd will go somewhere else to search for water.
These bastards will never take me alive!
A dragon is a creature of fancy.
There is no opening in our firm.
So are you and Hanna planning on getting married?
The girls are wild about the film star.
Jack hit rock bottom.
Jack was so cold his teeth were chattering.
Alex's pumpkin was the winner!
Well, guys, not bad for a number two driver, eh?
What's the name of the mountain range?
James isn't my client.
The students acted in an inappropriate manner.
I think it'll freeze tonight.
No sooner had I hung up than the phone started ringing again.
The pilot is trying to restore communication with the control tower.
Don't drag the table! You lift it and then you move it.
The largest object in the solar system is the sun. It contains 99 percent of the mass of the solar system.
Oliver sat at the bottom of the stairs wondering what he should do next.
The teacher handed out the tests.
Do you have a private medical insurance policy?
Do you have any clue to the mystery?
I hit the ball forcing it to roll down from the top of the hill.
The soldier had a leg injury and couldn't move.
Jack married his high school sweetheart.
Let's be frank.
The final match was not so exciting.
I will give you five days' grace.
The fifth of May is the day when Napoleon died.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
He guaranteed his slaves' freedom.
Thousands of people could be killed if the dam fails.
David has so many friends that he can't even recall all their names.
William is a staff writer.
This is such bullshit.
Joe climbed the stairs up to the attic.
A river runs down through the valley.
The murderer left his fingerprints on the murder weapon.
The police wanted to search Muhammad's house, but they didn't have a search warrant, so he told them to leave.
Oliver, well and truly, fell deeply in love with Catherine.
I had a vision.
He settled his property on his sons.
The town gave birth to many men of note.
You cast a big shadow.
The passion has burned itself out in him.
The actress is totally drop-dead gorgeous.
I am halfway through this detective story.
I buy a tape.
Will the coffee stain ruin the carpet?
Please show me your ID card.
Don't seek happiness. It does not exist.
Julia takes the mirror and holds it in front of her eyes.
Ladies use fans when it is hot.
You mustn't shout at me like that.
The president handed the speech to the reporter.
You must conduct the orchestra well.
Collect precious moments, no material things!
Tommy is an inspector.
In those days, America was not independent of the United Kingdom.
Countries fight for GOD: gold, oil, and drugs.
I like both Susan and Betty, but I think Susan is the nicer.
Today I'm working a little late so as to avoid a rush in the morning.
Happiness is not an object to possess, it is a quality of thought, a state of soul.
Has her Highness slept well?
Now it was just Britain alone against Hitler and his allies.
I adore my clients.
He fought a successful election campaign.
We saw a mummy at the museum.
You must not be a virgin, right?
Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
He stood for freedom of speech for everyone regardless of color.
Harry accepted Catherine's challenge to a tennis match.
Dan denied he had anything to do with Linda's rape.
It's a wire cage.
He ran for his life at the sight of the border guard.
Jami was right on target.
He has managed to secure several accounts.
You have only to push the button to open the bay window.
When Alex told Chris he didn't like her scarf, she got rid of it.
The criminal is among us.
Catherine kept screaming.
Witches don't cry.
The word became flesh and lived for a while among us.
Sometimes, it feels like the streets are always under construction.
There will be a reward for the person who finds my dog.
I would sooner starve than betray him.
Certainly there is nothing that will separate people more, and nothing so easy to slip into.
He is familiar with the entertainment world.
Charlie was attacked by a pack of wild dogs.
Elizabeth is independent of her parents.
The slave was finally given his freedom.
I need to be more alert.
Happiness is probably wanting what you already have, not having what you want.
Adam has no social skills.
Train services have returned to normal after the strike.
Who came together with your sister? -With my sister is her little daughter Helena.
I honestly didn't care.
We are being attacked by an unknown enemy.
It is so quiet you can hear the clock tick behind the wall.
Someone stole my credit cards.
As well as this, the horse is also representative of human talent.
By the time the senator finished his speech, the audience had lost interest.
Human beings are emotional creatures, so to speak.
The birds are flying south.
Naturally we will be careful in order to avoid an accident.
There's no danger of this lamp setting fire to the curtains.
Why is there a Miss Italy but no Mister Italy?
His response was contrary to our expectations.
Among all the men, there aren't many who know how to handle a sword other than him.
He is a potential leader.
These days it's hard to tell the difference between political parties.
She has always dressed and identified as a male.
Joe was working alone in the lab.
The mayor felt that he should look into the loss of income from parking meters.
The black angel spread those jet-black wings wide and flew up into the sky.
However, the guarantee is not effective at all outside the fixed form.
Muhammad used to play second base for his high school's baseball team.
Red shows up well against a white background.
The child was named Sophia after her grandmother.
She's violent right now. It'd be better to avoid her.
A hot wind is blowing in from the south.
President Roosevelt won the election of 1940.
Alice looked away and pretended to ignore Kate.
They accused Johnson of being too soft.
What an unfortunate coincidence!
Try to look at some recent interviews.
What's Harry's social security number?
When he gets drunk, he's quite an interesting priest, and he talks about various things.
Have you seen Sally of late?
Mac is loved by everyone.
The patient, despite having taken the new medication, didn't feel any better.
This tradition has been passed down from generation to generation.
If it goes well, I'll put you forward for a drama serial.
A: "Maybe you like him?" B: "No way! I don't like him or anything like that. What are you saying?"
I'm preparing to interview my favorite group.
How did the Soviet Union manage to create a nuclear bomb?
I haven't got the nerve to ask you for a loan.
This damned computer won't work.
We at least must make a struggle for freedom.
He holds property on their land.
There are many hotels in the city's business district.
The actual price was lower than I'd expected.
Brain surgery is very complex.
4-speed automatic transmission is available as an option.
Harry heard Lucy sobbing.
The new pope is Catholic and that's not a surprise.
Rats breed rapidly.
The hunter shot a fox.
Look at those pathetic tourists on the bus.
Jami is sweating like a pig.
Don't bury your head in the sand.
He is a Hollywood star.
I took the pen Charlie handed me and signed the document.
I assure you this is only temporary.
He gave us the signal to begin.
The police found George's body in a shallow grave behind the barn.
Everyone calls him Jeff.
Why were you chasing me?
Charlie went completely insane.
He is bound to win the match.
Harry and three other prisoners are on a hunger strike.
Future generations will admire your statue.
How many animal species are discovered every year?
Let's drive to Vegas on Friday.
If you would rather be a sober alcoholic then I'd recommend a dry red wine.
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
Ken's team will win nine cases out of ten.
I don't think Tommy and Eva have criminal records.
Bus service must be increased in frequency.
The castle is impressive.
The greater the genius, the longer it takes the world to find it out and understand it.
There is no yesterday nor any tomorrow, but only Now, as it was a thousand years ago and as it will be a thousand years hence.
When there are no men around, the night is kinda scary.
Oliver knows he's in no position to argue.
Are you sending Christmas cards this year?
He drew a straight line on the wall.
I gave the dog a bone. That stopped its barking.
Love is essentially a selfish passion.
The owl kills her young, and afterwards she cries about it.
Route 12 stops near the opera house.
Harry was killed in suicide attack.
It's a quarter past nine.
Weight problem is very sensitive among women.
Post your picture in the wall.
Carmen carries pepper spray in her purse.
Clean the dirt off the mirror.
Does a cup of coffee cost one crown?
Archie made a move on her.
He never fully recovered from his injuries.
The villagers went in search of the missing child.
Some people escaped the water by climbing onto the top of their homes while waiting to be rescued by helicopter.
Temperature measures how fast particles are moving, whereas heat measures the total amount of energy that they transfer.
They agreed on a joint statement.
They had to promise to obey the laws of Mexico.
Adam came rushing down the stairs.
Why's everyone whispering?
Alex has made steady progress.
Jacob ate a lobster roll.
The wound was bleeding heavily.
Did you flash your lights?
There has been an explosive increase in the demand for labor.
A fox is a wild animal.
While George looked out the window a shooting star crossed the sky.
It's dangerous to walk on railway lines.
I have come in response to your ad in the paper.
Jacob is the owner of this land.
The police don't have Tommy's vehicle on their GPS.
He is basically a nice man.
The tire was rolling down the hill.
Dear Santa, for this Christmas I want me a girlfriend.
I'll be with you in a sec.
When Carmen finds out about it she'll throw a fit.
He kicked the snow off his boots.
It's forbidden to make the dogs pee.
"Stop begging for a cookie, Tim," his mum said, "Remember, 'Children who ask get skipped.'"
It'll take three hours, tops.
Joseph is now a member of the party.
Digital music is becoming more and more popular.
Among the three of them, Ken runs the fastest.
She laid her head on my chest so she could listen to my heartbeat.
There was a massive search to find any survivors.
I shade my eyes from sun shine.
Religion played an important role during the Middle Ages.
I cannot wipe the table. I don't have a cloth.
He is of noble blood.
The victims haven't yet been identified.
"If a photograph of the smiling face of your loved one stands on the altar at the funeral or on the family altar, when you put your hands together to pray, you can hear their voice, I think," he says.
George is giving Emma a tour of our factory.
We had to gear our lives to the new circumstances.
Why do you think that you need a bodyguard?
Now, one and a half billion more human beings can live on the earth's surface, supporting themselves by working for others.
Competition isn't bad in itself.
Alex is likely to plead guilty to all three charges.
The court sentenced him to death.
That tie really suits you.
I'm terribly sorry if that causes you a problem.
He drove over a land mine and his jeep blew up.
Where did you assault them?
I can hear voices on the trail.
In a time like this, one should stay at home and not wander the streets.
Oliver has been trying to learn a few card tricks.
The League of Nations did not make for peace.
They claim that they acted in self defense.
Please don't go to any expense on my account.
These messages have to be read between the lines.
You could hear the blast for kilometers.
When I was helpless, no one came to my defense.
This always makes me chuckle.
That's including taxes.
I miss my teddy bear.
You have to accent that note.
I don't have the slightest clue.
Was it really necessary to change the front wing?
Who's gone rogue?
An Earth-like planet, which is believed to have conditions which would support life as we know it, has been discovered 500 light years from earth.
Love is just a legend created somewhere.
Margaret, whose father you met last Sunday, is a very good tennis player.
Jack tracked the deer.
Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe.
Oscar deserves a lot of credit.
Many greetings.
Your religion is no match for my science.
When is Cheryl’s birthday?
Have you ever stuck a poster on a wall?
When he was a kid, he used to catch birds and torture them to death.
TV plays an important part in everyday life.
Let's go up on deck.
Charlie was the victim of an identity theft.
I messed up big time.
I just want a little more freedom to make my own decisions.
He was elected to the Senate in the last election.
The blood alcohol limit for drunken driving is .08 percent in Texas.
O-oi!? Don't rip off my precious hair!
The truck dumped the sand on the ground.
The musical instruments and parts are completely professional quality! And yet the prices are lower than anywhere!
And I will bless her, and of her I will give thee a son, whom I will bless, and he shall become nations, and kings of people shall spring from him.
This cold has knocked me for a loop.
This plant is toxic to cats.
You cannot reason with a potato chip.
It's Baba's voice.
Wow, that's pretty. The sea is shining.
The new jet circles the globe in twenty-four hours.
What have you been up to, Erin?
I have no particular desire to discuss that matter.
Joe acts like a rock star.
They arrived in New Delhi on July 9th.
Lucy works as an au pair.
I try not to let my emotions cloud my judgment.
The costumes were red, pink, blue, and so forth.
Venus is called the Evening Star. It is called this because it looks so bright to us from Earth.
How do you keep employees focused on their day-to-day responsibilities?
Are you after me or the gypsy?
The particles in the rings closer to the planet orbit the planet at a faster speed than the particles in the rings farther from the planet.
They have charging robots at this gas station.
Do you want to live in Mumbai?
The footsteps approach, and become louder.
When you submit a quote, it's best to enter the author's name as a tag or, if you can't, in a comment.
A wolf is howling.
Let's give him an unnecessary medical test.
I was attacked in broad daylight.
The gap between what can be imagined and what can be accomplished has never been smaller.
That was truly a tragic accident.
We watch movies on the DVD every Saturday night.
William's testimony shocked the court.
The police found boxes that contained marijuana and other drugs inside the trunk of the car.
No vital organs were damaged.
This field is wild.
This landscape looks like a different planet.
That's okay, take your time, I don't want to distract you from your work.
Adam and Laur are freaks.
Our faithful servant died in the hospital.
That's the most immediate challenge.
The last time I saw Oscar he was flirting with some girls on the front steps of the school.
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
There are too many codes to remember.
Defending their land has now become a sin?
Jack had hip surgery in 2013.
Muhammad can't decide who he should ask to the prom.
He's not a patch on him.
William is staying at a motel while his house is being painted.
Don't fall for her scam.
Every time James visits Boston, he drops by for a visit.
A man of spirit is not a worthless man.
Walk over there to get your badge.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
Muhammad has three gorgeous daughters.
Charlie is a landscape architect.
Gloria was easily the best singer of that evening.
What is your ultimate goal in your life?
Oscar pulled off his cowboy boots.
I assume you're familiar with this concept.
Hunting is forbidden in national parks.
I don't use that site for privacy reasons.
In case I don't survive, preserve my brain.
Do you want to trade places with me?
He felt a sudden urge to write a novel.
She tried to touch the golden crane.
These colors don't match well.
Acid acts on things which contain metal.
No one fires until I give the order.
I'm a chemical engineer.
Tommy wrote a suicide note.
This car can carry a load of 4 tons.
In peace sons bury fathers, but in war fathers bury sons.
"Love has never killed anyone." "Really? Ask Romeo and Juliet."
Alex won't flip on us.
Your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties.
In 2014, global sea level was 2.6 inches above the 1993 average.
Oliver is brain damaged.
What did the racing driver say?
How did this go under the radar?
"Olivia, what is so magical about the number twelve?" said Jami.
I'll give you a temporary treatment.
The social structure is not much different.
Envy is the central fact of American life.
I bid you farewell.
Harry's new puppy is so small he can fit into the palm of your hand.
I always find him whistling while working on his paintings.
"Non" is a Latin word.
What's your analysis?
One king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years.
Jacob and Carmen watched a romantic comedy together.
He flew into a rage.
The purple alien had 4 arms and 4 legs.
Jack likes listening to American English the most, but he also likes the sound of Irish English.
The government issued the following statement.
She was convinced that Pierre knew more than he wanted to confess.
He was the brain behind the plot.
Companies use cookies to track the sites you visit.
Harry and Eva had a rocky relationship.
If Jami had been wearing a bullet-proof vest like the other police officers, he probably wouldn't have died.
She's not a regular employee of this company.
William's resume speaks for itself.
Dan wanted to secure an alibi.
The doctor warned me to stay away from booze.
One day he helped a weak turtle.
Dan didn't participate in the killing of Linda.
He could not execute his plan.
The butter was so hard that it was impossible to spread it on the bread without tearing holes into it.
The wall is thirty yards long.
Let's presume you're right.
William had pockets full of cash after a lucky night at the casino.
What guarantee do I have that you'll keep up your end of the bargain?
Some men treat women like property.
Poker is my favorite card game.
Is it okay if I open the curtain?
Food tastes better when it is wrapped in the flag of the European Union.
I love Tommy to bits.
Have mercy on us, we beg you.
Mike, do planes usually rock like this?
It will be a push-button war of nuclear missiles.
Lucy was exposed as a con.
Jack is sticking a bill on the wall.
A stranger felt up Laur's breasts as she was returning home.
Jack recognized the writing on the wall.
Unless you have really tiny veins, you shouldn't have any trouble.
We tried hard to get first prize in the chorus contest.
We want a government so small it can fit in a vagina.
It was Janet that won first prize.
I bet you a dollar Tommy doesn't show up.
Five fire engines rushed to the scene of the fire.
Getting older should not necessarily mean becoming more weak or sick.
I'm going to a training camp tomorrow. However it's not the physical side that I'll be training, but the mental.
The strain is clearly showing.
My dad is going to whip me just like a donkey.
Most students are preparing for the final exams.
Oliver claims that he can swim thirty meters underwater on one breath.
Mrs. Baker had her purse stolen.
She works as a massage therapist.
Fifty brave knights were ready for the great battle.
Gravity wins again!
They can come on Monday or Tuesday, but not on Wednesday or Thursday.
Apparently, all this land is owned by Jack.
I thought that text box was a search field.
He stood against the wall with his hands in his pockets.
Cast out the devil, fool!
It's probably just a phase.
'Now you must have no more kisses!' said she, 'else I should kiss thee to death.'
I want to dive off the cliff.
My day job is just to support myself. My real profession is writing poetry.
Korean food is generally very hot.
William really is a fifth wheel.
This room gets little sunshine.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light.
You don't look like a dope.
Spring is a delightful season.
You just ruined three years of undercover police work.
It does seem so strange to think of Superintendent Bell ever being a boy. Even my imagination has its limits.
Kane was an old friend of the president.
My three-year-old niece kissed me on the cheek.
The prosecutor can use that against Charlie.
Kate was obliged to read the book.
"Dad, where is the rest of my Halloween candy?" "Sorry, I've had a bit of weakness for chocolate lately."
How did the audition go?
Man is a sun and his senses are his planets.
Pump up the tire.
This region is located in a valley.
She is asking her fiancé to come see her.
His policy was soon tested.
Life itself is your teacher, and you are in a state of constant learning.
James is throwing a party next Saturday.
Jack enjoyed looking at the paintings hanging on Julia's wall.
A plea bargain is out of the question.
The powerful rip current carried Jacob far away from the shore.
I've gotta go to the bathroom.
I'm not petty.
Of those 2 or 3 were pushed out of the nest, and then fell down from the balcony as well.
I'm praying that happens.
His affected manner of speaking seemed very absurd to me.
Help is already en route.
They established official relations in 1979.
Charlie has been charged with kidnapping.
Your skirt's on backwards.
Watch your thoughts, for they become words. Watch your words, for they become actions. Watch your actions, for they become habits. Watch your habits, for they become character. Watch your character, for it becomes your destiny.
What was Mario singing?
Adam's off the wagon again.
He began to raise beef cattle.
Charlie said he wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
He wore a very shiny top hat and a neat suit of sober black.
The email is not registered, or the password does not match.
I made my way to the luggage office to collect the suitcase I had left there.
Don't fix it if it ain't broke.
Anne was just about to leave the house when the phone began ringing.
Progress is a lovely word. But its driving force is change, and change has its enemies.
I would truly appreciate your kind understanding of my reasons.
Jami's feet stink.
The shoes were made of some soft stuff that looked like leather.
I had been at a loss as to what career to decide on, but your advice has helped me to see the light regarding my future.
Dammit, James, not again!
It looks like you've hooked a big one.
The roof is covered with sheet metal.
Such behavior is beneath his dignity.
She has many friends in Hong Kong.
The empire strikes back.
He did the reverse of what I asked.
They considered me their grandson.
I tried to shield you from all this.
Tommy tried to drown Catherine.
Such conduct doesn't fit in with your reputation.
You and I come from different worlds.
The castle was burnt to ashes.
Don't fry bacon naked!
A man who swallowed a tree becomes a tree which swallowed a man.
At the noise, a window opened and a lovely maiden looked out.
Carmen was the belle of the ball.
Do you recognise this writing?
Can you tell me how you completed all your work at a time your course load was very heavy?
Tommy and Susie visited Northern Europe.
Go get 'em tiger!
I saw some very beautiful scenes.
We will be studying at the University of San Francisco in September.
A three-handed monster came out of the wardrobe.
We'll divide the profits among all of us.
My ancestors hoped to find political asylum.
My dog sits next to me and watches television.
Dan was attacked by a wolf.
Jose, Anna, hello.
Iris, what do you usually eat for breakfast?
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce.
He focused his eyes on the ceiling.
I am wearing my silver jewelry.
Both drivers involved in the accident are Boston residents.
Oliver was killed with a poisoned arrow.
It's just if we have it every day we're bound to get fed up with it. I must increase the variety of my cooking.
Alex filled the shopping cart with candy while his mother was at the meat counter.
William always yells at Carmen every time she does something stupid.
The victim was identified as Dan Anderson.
The mirror is covered with a white tissue.
I don't believe in karma.
Search and rescue operations began immediately.
I have not received the goods scheduled for arrival here on February 15.
The song "Dang Me" was written and recorded by Roger Miller in 1965.
How many planets have life in our galaxy?
Your security guard wouldn't let me in.
The loss reached three million yen.
This is the first time I've ever corrected exam papers.
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
Every year, a festival is held when it is the best time to see the cherry trees.
The girl has to match me in skill.
I'm in it for the long haul.
Adam is one of John's good buddies.
When my aunt talks, all I hear is yackety-yak because I couldn't care less about her conspiracy theories!
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
Carmen felt a stab of jealousy.
Muhammad replaced a fan belt.
She directed her efforts at learning to speak English.
The game's outcome hangs on his performance.
The greatest happiness lies in freedom.
That gold ring belonged to my mother.
I saw the look of terror in Joe's eyes.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
The charges have been dismissed.
I thought that you were just kidding.
James found a new way to announce his news.
Our company's first priority is meeting our customers' needs.
She looked every inch the movie star.
The government's financial situation is tense.
Do you believe in guardian angels?
God created mankind.
Can you show me another magic trick?
Looks like the weather's gotten worse, eh?
The dress rehearsal took a long time because of problems with the lights.
Tell that to all the staff of the clinic.
We gave a party in celebration of his 70th birthday.
He was familiar with the roads of Tokyo.
He seemed unconscious of my presence.
They live in social housing.
I put away the report card in the drawer for fear that Mother should see it.
I'm thinking of closing my savings account.
Two sheets were on the bed.
Frank's boss is extremely money hungry.
I wish you happiness from the bottom of my heart.
These dogs are killers.
David is very active.
Julia is completely obsessed with Ancient Egypt.
Muhammad bet me fifty dollars that he could eat more hot dogs than I could.
The high-ranking government official ruled out the possibility of a general election.
People's opinions depend on the spirit of the times.
Men can only be corrected by showing them what they are.
Science explains many things that religion never could explain.
Could we see each other for about an hour on February 27 at 3:00 pm?
Catherine is probably off her meds again.
Adam stayed at an inn.
Adam spent ten days in a coma after the accident.
The actress is very popular with ladies.
Personally, I think that corporal punishment is a necessary evil.
Throw the papers in the basket.
He shan't go there.
People's emotional lives are becoming more and more unstable.
The difference between the two types of "yes" may be greater than between "yes" and "no".
Steam is coming out of the engine.
Let's skinny dip.
Compassion is alien to her.
This is deeply disturbing.
These towels are different colors.
Oops, my pen has run out of ink.
The terrorists brought rope with them so that they could tie up all the hostages.
Witnesses must give evidence on oath.
I should have paid more attention to the papers I signed.
A habit is very difficult to shake off once it is formed.
I try to avoid walking by the cemetery after dark.
He was dismissed on the grounds that he was lazy.
The plane landed with a bump.
I feel like scum.
That matter was decided by the Supreme Court.
I saw Michel last week. He'd been sick for a week.
He put the final coat of paint on the wall.
You filthy pig!
Brian kept Kate waiting.
There are about 500 cattle on the ranch.
Germany made an alliance with Italy.
Adam said that we weren't allowed to take photographs in this museum.
The cops are behind us!
Kate has three times as many records as Jane has.
Why are you screaming?!
I don't want to talk to a counselor.
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
Retreat is not an option.
The following was inspired in part by a true story.
If you leave them lying on the desk they may roll off, so stand them in the test-tube rack.
Where is the boarding lounge?
Alex ran a hundred meters in twelve seconds.
I could feel the sand between my toes.
You are truly a hopeless case.
I've developed a bit of a gut lately, so I've decided that, starting tomorrow, I'm going to go to the gym.
She was named Bennett before her wedding.
"Is obsession bad?" asked Harry. "Wow, loaded question. Is there an answer?" said Valentina.
This investment is risky.
The doctor's presence has been requested elsewhere.
It's very pleasant to live in a beautiful city at the foot of a mountain ridge.
Muhammad said that it was time to rock and roll.
Oscar continued to stare at himself in the mirror.
You have a gum infection.
Who’s on forensics?
On December 13, 1981 martial law was declared in Poland.
Which is the fuel that stinks the most?
I know Charlie is a heroin addict.
You should never leave your makeup on overnight.
I felt a thrill of joy at the thought of seeing her soon.
The victim's body was lying face down on the rug.
Yoga can help you fight stress and stay fit and healthy.
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality.
Once you start a new game, you will enter the Character Creation screen.
He always shouts when he is angry.
Who is your favourite director?
Don't lean against this wall.
Every Jack must have his Jill.
They're preparing for their own deaths.
A doe is a female deer.
Americans liked what they heard from Franklin Roosevelt.
There is a mysterious legend surrounding this lake.
He went in search of gold.
Your skills will get rusty if you don't use them.
It's a serious commitment.
The hospital wants nurses to care for its patients.
Don't threaten me.
This is the hut in which he lived.
Would you show us some samples of your work?
What's the difference between a typical owl and a barn owl?
I heard her gasp.
The United States has still got nuclear weapons.
I'd like to get information about your hospital fee.
There was a chain-reaction crash during rush hour.
Brazil became the sixth largest economy in the world.
I can't use this tool without reading the instructions first.
I planted a pine tree.
He made a clean breast of his troubles to her.
A computer is often compared to a human brain.
God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
Julia was arrested following charges of murder.
That is an adorable accent.
I was at a loss how to answer his unexpected question.
I have to remove your nerve.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
This library contains books specifically for blind children.
I'm not accusing anyone in particular.
My roommate is in Mexico. You should come over.
Tommy and I have three teenage daughters.
They are struggling for freedom.
The devil always finds a way to make something bad even worse.
The fireworks display was cancelled.
We found him downtown laying on a bench.
The statue is dated 1920.
I am in favor of the death penalty.
I don't know how they spotted me.
Dan was homeless and lived in his van.
It's illegal to buy cocaine.
New York is on the Hudson River.
Why did you become a cop?
When he first heard her lovely voice over the phone, he fell head over heels for her.
His mother's letters were an anchor to the boy.
You'll need an Allen key to open it.
Joe bought some land to build a house on.
You deserve congratulations.
This sword is the only weapon in the world that can kill a dragon.
Dan's body was floating in the swimming pool.
Which is the operating profit in the same period?
I cannot slaughter a bull by myself. I need two people to help me.
If you can read the following, we can communicate in Japanese, too.
That's why I have such an extreme hatred for him.
This is the chief aim of university education: to train the mind.
A bone stuck in my throat.
I've included a visitor's application.
These playing cards are marked.
Rice will be planted in this field.
I offer my apologies.
Stop making a fuss.
I'm done fooling around now.
The investigation revealed him to be a spy.
A feast like this is fit for a king!
I took apart the engine.
The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy.
I was nine years old when I asked my mother whether Father Christmas really existed.
She continues to support the project.
I'm a huge fan of cat videos.
Do chickens pee?
My computer keeps crashing.
I'm a visual person.
Clara asked me why I worked so hard.
I have trouble controlling my emotions.
They held a protest march for freedom.
The murderer was executed.
Tanks don't fear dirt.
George is teaching Eva a card trick.
If our Moon broke apart, the pieces would form a ring around our planet.
The monster chased me.
On a sheet of paper, talk about your routine.
I look over to Melissa.
I'm gay! Get over it!
"Hi, my name's Nick. Nice to—" "I have a boyfriend."
How dare you use that tone with me!
Those shoes are a perfect match for this white skirt.
You don't have to use such a harsh tone with me.
Some cruise ships have too many passengers.
I will send you the post which Jami posted on Facebook yesterday.
William threatened Monica with a pistol.
They were of a respectable family in the north of England.
The doctor said you shouldn't scratch your wounds.
This wall crushed my toe.
Eva has a scar from when she tried to commit suicide.
Don't compare me to a movie star.
They're sitting at their usual tables.
Robots have taken the place of men in this factory.
I think it's a myth.
I'm honored to be asked to participate.
There's a problem with the plane's landing gear.
I think it's time for me to shove off.
Humans are generally evil, but you're okay.
Last night was really awesome.
Jami's father is not listed on his birth certificate.
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.
The drum is the lord of music.
I've got an ear infection.
New opportunities are opening up to you.
Jacob's tone was a bit aggressive.
As long as the champagne is flowing, Harry is happy.
The communist gave in to his tough opponent at last.
The sun of the east shall rise in the west.
Bears often scratch their backs on the bark of trees.
He flew to Iraq to see for himself what the war looks like.
He struck a match and lit the candles.
The doctor performed a difficult operation.
Alex is a crane operator.
The global scientific community has made clear that human activity is already changing the world’s climate system.
He had a firm belief in his God.
Police officers wear blue uniforms.
Harry is a cabinet maker.
Walking in the moonlight is a romantic way to end a date.
I heard that Muhammad used to hang out with drug dealers and murderers.
We're not gods, but mere men.
This is a lovely museum.
Hey, your fly is down. Zip it up.
The ruins are truly magnificent.
Watson there would tell you that I was a nervous, sensitive boy at school. It is my nature.
My wife and Valentina were in the rear of the aircraft.
I had to cancel my trip on account of the strike.
I'm beginning to feel like a rap god.
It's disgusting that you're sleeping in the movie theatre even though you came to see a movie!
My mommy went outside.
There are three primary colours.
By the time you arrive, all arrangements will have been made.
I hit rock bottom.
Thanks to his advice I saved up a large sum of money.
We live in the nuclear era.
She wrapped her sandwich in plastic wrap.
Be careful handling matches!
This man I forbid any one to receive or address.
They made their positions quite clear.
The teacher assigned us ten problems for homework.
I felt like a rock star.
Joe is a client.
The police came as soon as they heard the gunfire.
As soon as I hung up, the phone started ringing again.
George signed the guest book.
Fry an egg for me.
You are such a sweetheart.
I hear sirens.
It was a very poor idea for a pastor to have an affair.
Tommy struck the wall with his fist.
Do I look like a sucker?
I think that James is reading a detective novel.
Who wrote this bullshit?
James is making spare parts in a car factory.
I think Harry will be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
These turtles aren't native to California.
The people of Sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks, but for some reason they do not seem to be.
Last night I heard a cricket chirping in the garden. Autumn is approaching, isn't it?
Charlie has unique musical abilities.
Alcohol abuse is a serious problem on campus.
The dress code is business casual.
I don't have to go through the same shitty experience as her.
Roll the barrel over here.
Wolves don't usually attack people.
Secret police moved among the crowd during the demonstration.
She's an African American.
William doesn't like surprises.
Do you have a tape measure I could borrow?
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to the gods.
Apart from the cost, the color of the tie doesn't suit me.
However you could say that being found hard to understand by the common folk for one's genius is fate.
Juan's shirt is as elegant as mine.
Can you tie a bow?
This is the only alternative worth considering.
It's a matter of national security.
William has been a safety inspector for three years.
The great blue whale is the largest animal to have ever existed.
She asked the clerk at the hotel reception to dial the number for her.
He has read a ton of books.
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure.
I bleed when I make love.
I usually eat lunch at 11:30 to avoid the rush.
That's a challenge in itself.
The air was charged with tension.
The bowling shop's opening ceremony was boring.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
Married couples can apply for the post.
She's selling Girl Scout cookies.
He was in the grip of poverty.
Then the monkey went round with a little tin cup.
The city has many broad streets.
Am I just being paranoid again?
We all missed the target.
Have you already heard that your firm has won the tender?
In pregnancy, the first three months are the most critical.
Tommy's doubts have been confirmed.
I am terribly afraid of snakes.
You were a warden in a prison for ten years.
I'll quote a few lines from their letter.
Is Chris working today?
Her letters become less significant.
He had worked hard to keep Kansas peaceful.
In this parking place, the trailer would bump into the roof.
The horses are restless—perhaps we will have thunder tonight.
How do you deal with writer's block?
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
Students have to work hard, but they also have to leave time for social activities.
Jami needs a liver transplant.
Curious, did I honestly think that I could get away with it?
This song sounds somewhat familiar.
Revenge is a never-ending cycle.
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.
The goose was killed by a fox.
In the fall, many birds head for the south.
Julia tried on all the dresses, but none of them fit her very well.
Ford is bringing out the new models soon.
No one should have access to a weapon of mass destruction.
Don't hesitate to send a note if you observe an error.
James doesn't wear a tie every day, but he often wear ties.
They parked in their usual spots.
We are familiar with the poem.
If you want to go to the art gallery, get this bus.
I want to go back to the lab.
Parliament must now support the motion.
What does "getting to first base" mean?
Thomas could not carry out his task on account of an accident.
We tried to make out the letters written on the wall.
Flames have no mercy for anyone.
Congress passed the proposal.
What is Harry's social security number?
My throat burns.
For breakfast, Sandra has a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
Saddle my horse.
We've got to come up with a plan B.
Double the dose.
I'm drawing a blank.
I gave her a tiny musical box.
I don't respond well to threats.
When Margaret finds out, heads are going to roll.
The bear was sniffing around.
Her skirt fits closely.
Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others.
The quick brown fox didn't jump over the lazy dog.
Even worms are bought for medical research.
I get a busy signal when I try to call Oscar.
Does Pedro have a younger brother?
The invention of the nuclear bomb means that we are capable of destroying ourselves.
Please pass on our compliments to the chef.
Don't tease her.
Oliver and Emma are insane.
Didn't that strike you as odd?
In that kind of case, it's best to make a trial of drawing up a budget.
The gods will reward you.
The affair will come to a happy conclusion.
Jacob left step-by-step instructions for the person who would be filling in for him while he was on leave.
She is wrong in nine cases out of ten.
I burned my fingers on a hot iron.
Did you know that Charlie and Alice have criminal records?
The boat was sucked in.
There's a small leak in the roof that needs fixing.
The diamond appears genuine.
The butcher is cutting the meat.
I stopped sending Christmas cards a few years ago.
I agree to the proposal in principle.
Seen from a distance, the rock looked like an old castle.
We have called child protective services.
Will you exchange this sweater for a larger one?
His rank isn't high enough for that position.
From a strictly scientific point of view, history cannot be called a science.
My ear is not a toilet!
How formal is this ceremony?
Scott first changed a watch for a book, then the book for money.
Now we see the interior of the castle.
The driver says that we don't have any brakes!
I prefer your brandy to your conversation.
I'm not ordering sandwiches for them.
I don't want Jami wandering around the mall by himself.
Oliver is a priest.
That family has lost its social position.
Tommy has published many papers on the subject.
Charlie is the legal owner of this piece of land.
Basically, it is the same thing.
She always claimed to have been just another one of his victims.
He is deeply intent on carrying out the plan in question.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process records.
His memory loss is more a psychological than a physical trouble.
Muhammad made tuna fish sandwiches for Eva and John.
From the moment of his birth, man cannot get along without depending on others.
If you drink instant coffee you do not need a coffee pot.
"Dad, this a real sword?" "Of course, it is a duel after all."
She gave him a tour of the new factory for me.
We need additional staff.
In reality, we're just fancy worms. Thanks, DNA!
This is outrageous conduct.
His competition record was the worst among the five.
Everybody says I'm a chip off the old block.
Jack is a regular customer.
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.
Oliver didn't require medical treatment.
He would learn how to keep financial records.
Such a childish plan is bound to fail.
You mustn't keep your guest waiting outside.
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.
The bride's wedding dress had been passed down through the family for four generations.
I was like a wild beast then that had tasted blood.
Gotta paint it.
"Will the project be completed on time?" "I can guarantee it."
Is it true that special forces soldiers are trained to torture?
Look at my ad in the upper right hand corner.
Jack bought three bottles of hot sauce.
He got in for Chester.
We didn't know the box had holes in it. We lost half of the load along the way.
She sorted the washing before putting it in the washing machine.
Ain't that just like me?
Much more appropriate for the child was real breast milk of nursing.
They waited a long time for their guest. Finally, an odd man arrived whom they had not expected in the least.
Let's have a contest. The side to come up with the worst insult wins.
After the accident, they connected him to a lot of machines.
James has applied for a credit card.
Does this club have a live band, or is there a DJ?
He was the leader of the movement.
The mechanic found a nail in my tire.
She's as clever as they make 'em.
I confirm you my presence.
Moses answered, and said: They will not believe me, nor hear my voice, but they will say: The Lord hath not appeared to thee.
Thomas changed into proper clothing.
The buzzer sounded.
Adam rides high with the ladies, but he doesn't ride them.
He has over a million dollars in assets.
His lips were soft.
The teacher and her partner took the people attending the wedding to a park.
You are a disgusting person. No offense.
It's an invitation to the royal ball.
The heart-shaped pond is the pride of the royal couple.
I think it is a mere coincidence.
Ann must be dreaming a happy dream.
Tuck your shirt in.
We have a unique bond.
The field is full of wild flowers.
He had a nervous breakdown.
The new bridge is in process of construction.
The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of America.
Please say you're kidding.
He won the motion and settled the case.
I have family in Los Angeles.
We have a lot of regular customers.
It's a miracle he wasn't killed in the plane crash.
Spin the wheel around.
By the way, do you have any spare batteries?
The trees are in bud.
Eh? When did it start raining? I didn't notice at all.
Each package contains a score of cigarettes.
Therapy didn't work.
I wasted too much time searching for you.
Her gown was a cheap affair.
What kind of fuel does a helicopter use?
The doorbell is ringing.
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.
Your old grandma dances well.
Albert is a Russian citizen.
You're frank.
Do you have trouble understanding what women or babies say to you?
Your computer is infected with a virus.
David worked his way through college.
I want an electric fan.
Her boyfriend's a nice lad.
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom.
Catherine took a little mirror out of her purse and checked her hair and make-up.
They cut out a path through thick jungle.
She is the musical director for this film.
There isn't a single country left on the gold standard.
They dug through the mountain and built a tunnel.
Many people signed in for the contest.
Charlie believes in the ancient Greek gods.
I wouldn't trade places with anyone.
Steel production of the year was the highest on record.
When they realise, I will have already left.
It's a difficult, complex challenge.
You are backing yourself into a bad emotional corner.
There was a sudden flow of tears from her eyes.
We have rented a cabin by the lake.
Jacob made a quick exit.
Its conclusion is crystal clear.
It is a sin to steal even a pin.
George left a suicide note.
He is a man of high social status.
I'm really not up on recent TV shows.
He was captured and held for trial.
Muhammad has buck teeth.
Did you inform the post office of the change of your address?
Hail, Queen, mother of mercy.
She gained a position of responsibility in the firm.
This agreement was confirmed by three companies.
Regulations are killing the economy.
Let me add a few words before you seal the letter.
I don't know if it's a bug or not, but this software doesn't work correctly.
More roads were made, and the countryside was divided into lots.
We were under constant surveillance.
I support religious freedom.
Your coughing is a result from having smoked.
There are two kinds of fox spirits: good fox and bad fox.
There's a traitor among us.
Alex is one heck of a good-looking guy.
Our football team defeated all the other teams in the city.
Joe has signed a confession.
Eat shit — millions of flies cannot be wrong.
Nothing dramatic will happen.
I don't like cops.
Muhammad freaked out and started screaming.
Why so many distant wars, I wonder.
Chicago is the principal city of the Middle West.
A guest at the hotel just went up the stairs.
If you want to read this page later, just know that you can access it from the "Help" link at the very bottom of the website.
The divorce left the man with emotional wounds.
Oscar knows what's at stake.
No worries, I'm sure it will be a perfect fit for you!
Oliver's parents sleep in separate rooms.
Letters are delivered every day.
He led a life of vice.
Of course, proceed.
He was very gracious to let us take a picture of him.
Some enjoy particular challenges.
Nancy was surprised that Bob won the first prize in the contest.
Thus knowing that "to give is to receive" is the most precious thing in government.
My card is charged.
I wouldn't want to be a brain surgeon.
We must take care that we don't go too near to the fairy's castle.
Savings bonds are a stable investment.
Rats carry the plague.
Is the Berlin Wall still there?
I want no other happiness but to live and die beside you.
I can't identify it.
Tommy ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis were invited to a Christmas party at a hotel one year.
Why do you avenge my dead father?
Alex has posted bail and has been released.
A small mouse runs with a cake.
There is a man trapped underneath.
Where is the security guard?
If you can't afford an attorney, one will be provided for you.
Prayer can work wonders.
There was a different kind of atmosphere in the headquarters.
William was convicted of killing Margaret.
Jacob had the annoying habit of hardly ever answering email messages.
I reckon you should do it.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
Alex and Alice said they didn't feel like heroes.
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.
What a lousy camera!
Jacob is a rug dealer.
Do you agree with Dr. Burns or Ms. Roland?
I had no backup plan.
It was such a powerful explosion that the roof was blown off.
He survived the crash, only to die in the desert.
Adam hasn't been officially charged.
Aaah... Now I understand.
He runs as fast as he can across the border.
Don't fail to learn these basic words by heart.
We have to replace this moth-eaten carpet.
Are you naturally blonde?
AIDS can be stopped only if every person decides to take action against it.
The search party found him lying at the foot of a cliff.
She is collecting on behalf of the blind.
They hid their worries from their wives.
Ah! Would that I were his pipe so that I might touch his lips!
The wall is two meters thick.
Dan was digging a ditch along the road.
Would you show me to the nearest underground station, please?
Joe began sending letters to Susie.
I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck.
I got an F in chemistry.
I knew James wouldn't kiss Catherine goodnight.
I hope you're not recording this.
She is wearing a leather belt around her waist.
He appears to know Ann.
We are currently looking for individuals who have experience in customer service.
I refuse to cage birds.
That sounds like treason to me.
I'm the one who owns all this land.
The effects of the drug are intense but brief.
The physical demands are extreme.
What these acts said was that it was illegal to pay someone in anything other than coin of the realm.
How about dropping in at the shop?
Could you give this data a final check for me?
The earth came into existence about five thousand million years ago.
He wanted even more territory.
Harry said that the timing was just right.
Some people only get married to prevent their wives from marrying somebody else.
3. If you do phone then hang up immediately, without following any instructions given.
The pilot landed the airplane in the field.
He organized a summer rock festival.
There are hills, a little museum, a public garden and a big church.
They're violent criminals.
I applied for the position of branch manager.
When unlike is joined to unlike, the result is called harmony.
Who's your favourite TV star?
We've created life in our own image.
I am afraid the loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
Joe is a loyal citizen of his country.
I guess having zero shame is the price of genius.
Young people nowadays are fools.
In the meantime we drank a lot of salt water.
It is still in the testing stage.
Hurry to heal yourself before wanting to heal others.
His sudden death was a tragedy.
Not freaking possible.
You must not cast a spell upon someone inside the school.
There's a mystery here and I want to get to the bottom of it.
"Farewell, and guard in love our common child. Farewell!"
Who is the patrol leader?
I know Jacob is a former CIA agent.
Oscar slipped me a note.
I borrowed my father's hammer to build a dog house.
They sat on the hood of their cars.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Oscar's death was ruled a homicide.
Adam was accused of selling weapons to a terrorist group.
She lives in a tiny room that she shares with another student.
Tommy tries to avoid traveling by air.
I think this novel shows the author at his best.
Happiness is like a little bird. At some time or another it flies away.
Some know that science fantasy is different from science fiction.
They can produce the same goods at a far lower cost.
I have told you how to treat customers.
At the appointed hour, the lovers met.
Fred was thrilled to buy the car.
They selected an artist to paint the wall.
Some people are convinced that they are protected by a guardian angel.
She has a subtle charm.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
Poetry is a sickness of the brain.
That's what sets us apart.
She must have been there at five precisely.
Tommy works at a nuclear plant.
Carmen is our foster daughter.
Harry is looking for the first aid kit.
This national treasure can be seen by the public only once a year.
We need to hide the corpse.
Japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world.
In about the fifth year I decided cutting the grass was something I didn't want to do any more of.
The chances of being attacked by a shark are very low.
Dan noticed Linda's photograph on the wall.
My first sexual experience was with a woman some years older than I was.
Adam was given detention for passing notes in class.
In the first few hours of the battle, Union forces were winning.
As we go up higher, the air becomes cooler.
I didn't follow the proper procedure.
Stress can have an enormous negative impact on your health.
I'm confident that I'll win the tennis match.
Can we cut to the chase here?
Do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together?
He is his usual self.
I'm a music producer.
No one can have three different birth dates.
William has unique skills.
He traveled with a large escort.
Searching is dangerous. Sometimes you discover something you didn't at all want to find.
We're screwed.
I was just messing around.
A few minor mistakes apart, your writing is good.
"What are you doing?" "I'm in the toilet, taking a dump."
As I opened the door without knocking, she lost her temper.
Japan is the only nation to have been hit by nuclear bombs.
This house mouse is grey.
You shouldn't accept candy from strangers.
Oliver will help us load the furniture onto the truck.
The freak show came to town!
He was born in Ohio but brought up in Texas.
I'm having trouble reading the letters on the monitor.
Muhammad isn't violent and he never picks fights with anyone.
It's unbelievable how fast time flies.
By all accounts, it appears I will die.
This is a load of rubbish.
The monkey's bottom is not staying still.
His boots and pants were covered with mud.
Tommy said that he heard a lot of shots.
I never imagined that my skills as a lawyer would be used to defend James.
How much is in your checking account?
He borrowed from his brother to finance the loss he made on the project.
Jack is dealing with it.
It could be a trap. Don't let your guard down.
Visit my Facebook profile.
We've looked at every angle.
William ate potato chips and drank beer.
Don't call me a moron.
The jury is hung.
All these things serve to add to our happiness.
He ripped up all her letters and photos.
Some of the people in the crowd were throwing beer bottles.
I chop wood every day.
Francis, is this yours?
I receive a lot of letters and I always respond to them.
All sales are final.
Muhammad beats people up.
Ted waited for her for a long time.
What is the central aim of this plan?
Muhammad was impressed by Susie's magic trick.
Hang the mirror on the wall.
Adam is a Christian in name only. He never goes to church.
I'm having a panic attack.
You must have some nerve to ignore _me_.
Scotland is part of the United Kingdom.
He acts like a rock star.
Alex pat his dog on the head.
I'm running for city council.
She played her highest card.
I thought that you didn't like romance movies.
I called Susan to apologize to her, but she hung up on me.
And Jacob would not confess to his father-in-law that he was flying away.
Oliver hung up his keys on the hook.
Tell these people to move away, so that the helicopter can land.
Every employee is supposed to keep his own vehicle in perfect condition.
Do you have to be good at sight-reading in order to be a studio musician?
Cars have four wheels.
We've played a lot of matches this season.
George Washington arrived the day before.
I'd like to drink a Coke.
Rub two sticks together to get the fire started.
After 6 p.m. the employees began to disappear.
It's a matter of national pride.
Take, for instance, your family problems.
Men fight with iron for gold.
Did you hear that Fred was dismissed?
She is handy with a needle.
That's a risky strategy.
The TV commercial is drawing well.
This must be signed in the presence of three witnesses.
He worked under divine guidance.
I should sue him.
He is the owner of the liquor shop.
The process has already begun.
Can you come and help me do this exercise? I have been pulling my hair out for two hours and I am still stuck.
This may have lethal consequences.
Harry says Julia likes eating at Chuck's Diner.
He is a quick walker.
Alex kept Monica's letters locked in a metal box.
December 24th is Christmas Eve.
Are you sure there isn't rat meat in that burger?
You've got to take the bull by the horns!
Adam isn't the only one who saw Carmen sneak into the room.
Peace, mercy and blessings of God be upon you.
Be careful not to drill into gas pipes.
I am just checking the rooms.
Joe has non-life threatening injuries.
Social media is a waste of time.
There's a swimming pool and a bowling alley.
Emma has a very poor constitution.
Charlie threatened me. He said if I didn't give him the money, he'd cut off one of my fingers.
It costs about a dollar a serving.
She got so angry with him that she came very close to hitting him on the cheek.
Tommy signed the papers.
Jacob handed Susie a glass of champagne.
Lucy met Emma.
The highway leading to the city is now free of fallen rocks.
Medical supplies are running out.
He's kicking me.
Even now, the typical worker's whole life is still bound up with the company he works for.
Right now my score in Cooking is about 45 out of 100. Great isn't it? That's not a fail!
After the race, everyone stood around panting for five or ten minutes.
Jack shared a fake news story on Facebook.
Why would we want to punish you?
Despite searching high and low, George couldn't find his wallet.
The jury finally came back with a verdict.
I'm not sure if this painting will fit on the wall.
The strange-looking woman was thought to be a witch.
The accident was due to the drunken driving of a certain film star.
The enemy occupied the fort.
Early computers used punch cards.
I'm sorry that you got dragged into this mess.
Yesterday is already history, and tomorrow, a mystery. However, today is a present of fate, and presents are supposed to bring joy.
He is leaving for China on an inspection tour next month.
What was the final score in today's game?
Mars, the red planet, is the fourth planet.
We now spend most of our life in artificial places.
You'd be a fool if you borrowed money from a loan shark.
This is my digital arts teacher.
The products are sold on a world scale.
The process of giving birth is very painful.
Brian went to school with Kate.
I aim at ducks, but I don't shoot them.
Are you still in Florida?
A penny saved is a penny earned.
It happened that we met the owner of the flat.
South Africa is far away.
Jacob went through all the files in the drawer.
We hung on in spite of all the troubles.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane does.
Being near the Emperor is like sleeping with a tiger.
Being a family is much deeper than this.
Love is more precious than gold.
By the end of the year, the number of people who have spent the night in hotels in our city will pass the one million mark.
Muhammad decided not to testify.
Man is a creature of circumstances.
Maybe the two parties will be able to come to an understanding.
Jacob said it was time to rock and roll.
Look what happens when I bend this branch too much.
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.
Come with me to the southern coast of France!
My toes are freezing.
The garbage dump is over there.
Susie quickly checked her hair and her makeup in the mirror.
Karen is angry with me.
I don't enjoy traveling in large groups.
Avoid doing black magic.
I found a lost cat for which its owner had been searching.
A white lily is very beautiful to look at.
The little boy counts it out on his fingers and said, "Seven."
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.
Call the coast guard.
Craft must have clothes, but truth loves to go naked.
Bastards!
William will be joining you in the observation room.
She is the victim of this incident.
There are turtles that are more than two centuries old.
He has just been appointed the U.S. Ambassador to Japan.
Anna found a note inside her locker.
Please stop chattering!
Where is the Internal Medicine Department?
I saw Julie off at the airport.
Dan's truck seemed to have disappeared without a trace.
The river runs through the valley.
Adam looked up when he heard approaching footsteps.
His reading is of a wide range.
Soldiers shared their food with the Indians.
Humans are monsters.
Catherine was a sight for sore eyes in her stunning, form-fitting red outfit.
We hope you won't freeze.
He's coming along nicely with his studies.
You just like watching TV, so you think that what I do in my spare time is so intense.
This looks as though it will drag on and on.
For their honeymoon they took a voyage around the world.
That's so random.
Cinema, like painting, shows the invisible.
On tests, I don't know how free a translation would be allowed.
At last, he found a clue to the mystery.
If we ever came in contact with an alien race, how would we communicate with it?
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
Ants are social insects.
She understands the core of the problem well.
Limited financial aid is available.
Did you say you had a fight with Joan?
He believes there to be a spy among us.
You shouldn't show off your sins.
Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
Harry kicked the trash can.
Happiness depends, not so much on circumstances, as on one's way of looking at one's life.
The taxi driver couldn't take Lucy's abuse anymore and left her at an abandoned factory.
They handed in their reports.
What are the forms of "to be"?
The television serial is getting more and more interesting.
We went in search of gold.
The artificial satellite was launched into orbit.
We have a warrant to search your apartment.
We're investigating this incident.
Tommy had a stroke of genius.
The pasta was literally swimming in butter.
We crossed the waters in a boat.
The third in the series was a level above the rest.
This is your waitress uniform.
I'll check your vision.
It's impressive how unique every human being is.
The girl is deeply attached to her aunt.
James abandoned the hope of becoming an actor.
George should've planted more corn than he did.
Weigh your choices carefully.
A cat ran onto the field during the baseball game.
Charlie is a pro, isn't he?
The tree cast a long shadow.
Are there any weapons in your possession?
This is my Spanish student ID card.
Everybody has the right to seek happiness.
The reporter rented an expensive room.
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.
My father offered his services to a well-known trade company.
You mustn't shout at me that way.
The police cast their net wide.
I'm very glad to have found this site, because it rocks!
Some people actually collect rocks.
The population of Canada is about 26 million.
Jami gave Lucy a small wave.
There is a lot of chaos and confusion at the site.
I like both Susan and Betty, but I think Susan is the nicer of the two.
Oliver stabbed Alice with scissors.
Oscar is the chief executive officer.
Jacob gave Olivia a key on a silver chain.
Harry ran down the stairs into the basement.
Many people wanted to kill Hitler.
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame.
Their job is to call clients.
Their party won the most votes in the election.
The two rooms are connected.
I'm a political scientist.
He can run 100 meters in less than twelve seconds.
We have to encourage people to join the campaign and work with us.
He bound the package with a string.
Who sends letters by mail? These days we have e-mail.
Your idea runs counter to our policy.
I want Italian dressing on my salad.
We have probably about three hundred of those in our warehouse.
The wind still blows strongly.
When you toss a coin, the more strongly you want heads, the more likely it is to come up tails.
As I thought, he's a virgin!
Shanghai is among the largest cities in the world.
What should we do with this white elephant your aunt gave us? It's way too ugly to go on the wall.
There was no objection on the part of the owner.
They've got a hostage.
Rape is a horrible crime.
It is possible to access the Internet without a wire.
Murder and robbery are criminal acts.
I've never thrown rocks at anybody.
Tommy was sent to a prisoner camp.
The child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story.
In 1969, Roger Miller recorded a song called "You Don't Want My Love." Today, this song is better known as "In the Summer Time." It's the first song he wrote and sang that became popular.
War is simple: it's driving a piece of iron through a piece of flesh.
On account of ill health the writer couldn't go through with the work.
Nevertheless, many are choosing early retirement.
"What kind of beer do you want?" "What do you have on tap?"
To conquer without danger is to triumph without glory.
Julia can lick her own chin.
She succeeded to her father's whole estate.
You should go to the commission.
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.
Just keep alert.
She was transferred from the head office to a branch office last month.
I have a headache from muscle strain.
He bought the land with the plan to build a house on it.
He's from South Korea.
You're wanting to exchange your car for a more modern one.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
I have no social skills.
Jack shared a large number of ideas with the committee.
Television has a great appeal for him.
I gave up all hope of survival.
Collect your gear.
"Come and see", said Philip.
In order to be sure of the words I learnt today, I review them again.
The policeman put handcuffs on Alex.
The wall will be enormous.
The journalist reported each new development in the talks.
Don't tell him you're a cop.
The madness of love is the greatest of heaven's blessings.
She was a British national.
Congratulations to all involved.
Putting my traveling experience to good use, I started a travel agency.
Jack needs the table setting.
This is the last time I'll allow the maid to drive my car.
Until now I've never used an axe.
On the wings of Time grief flies away.
They gathered together to have a chat.
His son took on the management of the factory.
I spent a couple of hours sitting on a bench in the park feeding birds.
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution.
I can't log in to my account.
She doesn't stop calling me and sending me messages.
Their love story was like a soap bubble, brilliant and fragile.
We're against nuclear weapons.
The Russians didn't walk on the moon in 1969.
The wind is blowing from the north.
If that is the real aim, naturally I would not know about that.
The bee flew to the flower.
Don't squeeze any more into the trunk.
My new assistant is eager to learn the ropes.
Please connect me with Dr. White.
Do you have title to that property?
It's solid as a rock.
Muhammad is an arrogant jerk.
Hopefully no one will protest.
The sun never sets on my empire.
I'm afraid that I have a prior engagement.
“But other than that, they they’re nice,” he said. “They don’t treat me differently.”
Sally missed two weeks of school, so she has to work hard to catch up with her class.
Marco bought his son a car.
People are becoming more short-tempered and violent.
Monica always has to put her two cents worth in.
Not only Bill but also Mac is crazy about computers.
I polish my boots and go out — the old dirt will give way to the new.
She is constantly writing letters.
You must try to avoid hurting people's feelings.
He who hits my dog, doesn't really love me either.
A feature of this new car is that if a drunk person is driving, the engine won't start.
It's beyond me why he continues to be so upset.
Our policy is to satisfy our customers.
Don't buzz about my ears.
James is in no position to argue.
Jack usually stays at 5-star hotels.
It makes no difference if you talk to him or not. One might as well talk to a brick wall.
James put a pile of letters on Laur's desk.
Damned, you look good!
The old custom is still kept up in that district.
The stranger was so near to her that, without actually suffering her to fall, he could not avoid catching her in his arms.
What's the actual cost?
I have a fish bone stuck in my throat.
A lost child was sobbing at the police box.
Oh, Diana, look, there's a rabbit.
I think that Oliver is pathetic.
There is no progress without communication.
You can't bury your head in the sand.
Also, please inform us of your terms of payment.
Moscow is the capital of Russia.
Freedom is precious.
The elephant walks on even as the dogs keep barking.
They came to terms with the union leaders.
I'm gay, and my girlfriend doesn't know it.
Jacob has a background in construction.
The rumor was completely without foundation.
I got there just in the nick of time.
In many areas, there was little food and the people were hungry.
You're beautiful and intelligent, how is it possible that no man is chasing after you?
Joe is truly the happiest man on Earth.
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.
Our constitution was drawn up under American guidance.
Adam is bound to win the match.
Climate change causes sea levels to rise.
What species of tree is this?
I thought that I heard someone banging on the wall.
That proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone, but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything.
To John, Sammy was an ideal singer.
No one will recognize her in this mask.
I don't think Tommy knows how to use a slide rule.
He is popular among his colleagues.
I assure you it's quite unnecessary.
I've finished entering the data.
Who's your favorite Star Wars character?
The Bible sells more than one million copies every year.
Charlie is reading a detective novel.
The boy drew a picture on the wall.
Potential customers have been listed.
Let me say a few words about our greatest success: until now we have always succeeded in creating problems where there weren't any before.
This kills me.
My daughter Lucy is my pride, and my son George is my joy.
She started humming to herself.
What hands can build, they can destroy.
It's a quarter after nine in the morning.
Jami is throwing a surprise birthday party for Margaret next Saturday.
That language sounds awesome.
This sword is the only weapon in the world that can harm a dragon.
They tried to cheer me up.
Humans are violent creatures.
My grandma gave me this necklace.
Courage is a love affair with the unknown.
"My name's Harry. I'm from France." "Harry! You've gotta teach me English one of these days!"
He met with a tragic death in an ambush.
Do you see the crown?
The higher you climb, the greater the fall.
Of the two of them, one heads east and one heads west.
Do I need to transfer?
The joint was empty.
William is whispering something to Olivia.
Everybody is bound to obey the laws.
Jami made steady progress.
The policeman ran after the thief shouting "Stop!".
I am in favour of your proposal.
At this moment, all his past life seemed to flash across his mind.
The purpose of this challenge is to entertain the public.
Our letters crossed each other.
I met another potential buyer for our house.
Thomas felt a presence behind him.
Mommy's working.
They dream of the day when they'll be rolling in money.
I won't beg for my life.
Can you hold on a sec?
Two out of three ain't bad.
They kicked the snow off their boots.
But they made ready the presents, against Joseph came at noon: for they had heard that they should eat bread there.
There will be grave decisions to be made.
I've cut my shin open.
They made the novel into a drama.
Harry took part in the massive search.
The sun doesn't shine at night.
Religion was very important in the Middle Ages.
A man who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client.
I'm thinking of offering her the position.
Noble be man, helpful and good.
You don't like pop songs, do you?
It began to be light, and things were becoming visible by degrees.
She went to Bible camp.
I share his political position.
It wasn't Oliver who dumped garbage in your front yard.
I can't resist sweets.
She married her high school sweetheart.
Hollow out a mountain, and pull out a mouse.
This tie suits him well.
We're really tired of your bullshit!
I think that Harry is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
The best defense against bad literature is lots of experience with good literature.
The company announced a profit of $200 million after tax.
Tommy was armed with an assault rifle.
The car left a trail of dust.
Take your time, folks.
Do you know any card tricks?
There's no freedom of religion in this country.
Drop the piece and put your hands where I can see 'em. Nice and easy.
Jacob is out of your league.
You have to blast your way out.
Charlie is considering becoming a bartender.
The little girl was crying for the teddy bear.
Jami reported the incident to the police.
Jack has an organ donor card in his wallet.
According to legend, the wood used to be haunted, so people would avoid it.
I'd like a seat over a wing.
In India, cows are sacred animals.
Show me the tape.
George finds it difficult to read small print.
George was attacked by a wolf.
"Impossible!" cried the inspector.
James's injury appears to have healed.
Tommy deserves much of the credit.
The doctor performed the operation.
I give greetings to everyone.
Every house in our neighborhood is practically identical.
Would you like me to wipe your body?
This custom was recently introduced in our everyday life.
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit.
That accent is fake.
Life and a cat, that gives an incredible sum.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
She'd spent half the night with her head down the toilet throwing up.
We were walking on the deck.
I've messed up.
The human body has a mysterious power to keep itself healthy and sound.
Oil has been discovered under the North Sea.
If you pig out every day, you're sure to gain too much weight.
Is there a special rate for this tour?
When he would not give them higher pay, they went on strike.
Welcome to the Wild West.
A soldier often has to confront danger.
They hit the target.
Thank you for the shipment.
Adam has taken over as skipper.
I was invited to the opening ceremony.
That's super cute!
After studying all month, the students were happy to finish their exams, kick up their heels and relax!
All kidding aside, it may work.
Honestly, I really like you.
Television has a great deal of influence on society.
It was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope.
Adam used Monica's credit cards.
Many birds fly south in the autumn.
"This math problem is very difficult. How did you solve it?" "Eh, I managed somehow."
Margaret is making spare parts in a car factory.
How dare you marry my daughter without my consent?
One of the best parts of the holiday season is spending time with the special people in your life.
The swan cries.
This challenge must be overcome.
Jacob was very frank.
Go back to the lab.
I didn't write a single sentence this week. I think I have writer's block.
Adam plays third base.
I'm from South Holland.
There's no happiness among things. It's in people's hearts who see and use those things.
Joe was not on speaking terms with his noisy neighbor.
Hey, turn on the meter first.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
Why are there differences between the male and the female?
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
I got a B on my French test.
Oliver worked his fingers to the bone.
I think that whoever created the Universe, a hole in the sky above him, also had no idea what is the "Universe".
All of us, including me, rode the bus.
When William finds out, heads are going to roll.
I have never been a fan of religion.
Kneel!
I'd like to have an interview with your father about the matter.
She blew her lines.
His standing up was the signal for everybody to start leaving the room.
Thieves are afraid of shouting.
My daughter, Kate, won a singing competition and I'm proud of her.
In an earthquake, the ground can shake up and down, or back and forth.
I'll pass along your compliments to the chef.
Jacob told me that he thought Mary was insane.
In nine cases out of ten it will be the very thing that I have long wanted.
Making a hundred friends is not a miracle. The miracle is to make a single friend who will stand by your side even when hundreds are against you.
They started to untie their shoes.
My suggestion is for more trees to be planted along the streets.
Jack called the cops on us.
Blessed are those who give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Oliver and Alice were screaming at each other.
Mum opens the door.
It will not be long before Scott gets well.
She was surprised to find thousands of dollars hidden in her daughter's mattress.
When I was a child, I believed in Santa Claus.
What's important isn't the goal, but the journey.
I thought you said that Oscar was a priest.
He was more loyal than I had guessed.
He is the owner of this land.
I did basically everything.
After being abandoned for years, the old house went to rack and ruin.
We had to stop over in San Francisco for two hours due to the fog.
I bet Tommy and Emma know the lyrics.
The government will adopt enforcement measures to solve this problem.
Most of the victims were small children.
Where did he get this info?
I did wrong in trusting such a fellow.
Jacob took aim and fired a warning shot.
I don't understand why DNA is fascinating.
Digging tunnels is boring work.
Do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet?
I hope the conviction will be confirmed.
Let's wait for a while and see if the rain stops.
They'll keep pressing the foreman.
The most logical place to keep your spare tire is in the trunk of your car.
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started.
It was a lovely ceremony.
It's difficult to tell those two twins apart because they look so much alike.
Well-made roads extend far from the city.
It's a blessing in disguise.
If the medicine is abused, people can ruin their health.
The CEO got paid in stock options.
He closes the door and locks it.
How many boxes did you load on the truck?
I dare you to jump over this ditch.
Jacob was a security guard at that time.
The eighth month of the year is July, isn't it?
The manual they asked him to read was two inches thick.
In this troubled world, it is safer to stay at home, read about exotic places and dream.
She performed this trick with ease.
There's a leak in that pipe.
Millions of persons lost all their savings.
He is Italian by birth.
I didn't want to pass up the chance of seeing Hong Kong, so I agreed to go on the trip.
Muhammad is a limo driver.
Your methods are totally alien to mine.
I wouldn't trade places with anyone in the world.
The birds flew away in all directions.
Electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal.
Shouting is forbidden in the hospital.
Charlie didn't leave a suicide note.
The computer is often compared to the human brain.
I'm drinking sage tea.
Fill out this registration card, please.
She's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment.
Something's out of whack here.
Such questioning is routine police business.
Jacob has thee sons and two daughters.
Hopefully he doesn't grow up to be a maniac like the rest of his family.
There's also a toilet on the fourth floor.
Destroy the castle.
A voice of one that cries in the desert: Prepare a way for the Lord, make his paths straight.
George was exposed as a fraud.
Do you ever wear a bow tie?
He likes hurting my ego.
He came via San Francisco.
Regarding education, he has extreme opinions.
Oliver is a physical therapist.
What’s the matter with me, anyhow? You’ve lived near me for some weeks, Watson. Tell me straight, now! Is there anything that would prevent me from making a good husband to a woman that I loved?
I know I made a mistake, but you needn't to rub it in!
The sending of these letters won't take long.
I share his political perspective.
You're both losers.
Olivia is not attracted to Asian men.
He is going beneath the shadows.
This sentence is a mere slap on the wrist.
He is a creep.
They claimed that Harrison could not read or write.
Now you are a woman, and I have no right to keep you here. You must return to the world of men, where joy awaits you.
One's talent is in need of discipline.
Men lick their lips when they look at her.
Where is the prophet's tomb?
I hear the competition is pretty stiff.
I thought you were a dummy.
I'd take anybody apart who dared to say a word against her.
I didn't know Alex was still a forest ranger.
The construction trucks are noisy.
Joe is a parole officer.
Is the handsome man an Arab or an Indian?
He's a financial wizard.
According to my accountant, this isn't a good time to invest in the stock market.
The girl vanished like magic.
Every wall of his apartment is covered from floor to ceiling with books.
Joe was born with Down's syndrome.
Cells are the building blocks of life.
Her lips were soft.
Ah, now I remember. I used a condom; something I rarely, or rather practically never, do.
I wasn't sure how to respond to his compliment.
In judging his work, we must take his lack of experience into account.
As is usual with him, he arrived a quarter of an hour late.
The quick brown fox did not jump over the lazy dog.
That's just brutal.
There is no point in having a fitting room without a mirror.
All day long there was a steady stream of people going in and out of the bank.
What's different between a wedding arrangement site and a dating site?
My tooth is really hurting.
She got carried away watching the boxing match.
They'll stop at nothing to achieve their political goals.
A pirate is an enemy to all mankind.
I avoid those things like the plague!
It proves absolutely nothing.
The two boys became intimate friends at the camp.
Philosophy is an interesting field of study.
We don't have the time to examine all this data.
He was beside himself with joy.
George did it anyways.
The hunter put ammunition in the gun.
He tried to gain her affection.
It is difficult to find a porter who is available in this railroad station.
I'd like a Manhattan.
There are no strings attached.
We still have time to evacuate.
He gave me a golden luxury watch.
I gladly accept your challenge.
Oliver used to walk into the bar and order three beers right off.
There can be no human society without conflict.
The future of humanity is in outer space.
Is it possible that King Albert has a secret relationship with Princess Diana? I don't believe so. He's too fat.
Can you locate this place on the map for me?
I don't want to eat sausage for lunch, because I prefer meat with potatoes.
ׂSecond-hand electrical equipment always shows signs of use.
The butler serves dinner.
These chemicals may affect bees.
Would you be so kind as to slice the pizza in three parts.
Kennedy Airport, please.
Mr. Grant is the oldest of the elders, Mr. Smith is the youngest.
My father had a newspaper route and bought a hot rod car before he could drive at fifteen years old.
The drug gave me kidney stones.
Patty was so short that she couldn't get at the branch.
Thanks for the inspiration.
And then I heard that they eat blue cheese on thin ginger cookies in Sweden. Can that be right?
She just bought two entertainment magazines.
If it really winds you up this much, maybe it's about time you log off.
Do you like egg rolls?
Everything down the drain.
If we had been in Venice a month prior, we could have taken part in the carnival.
It ain't over till the fat lady sings.
Declare your position in a debate.
In the fall, covers are put over the fans in trains.
A world in which one percent of humanity controls as much wealth as the other 99 percent will never be stable.
Want to see a magic trick?
All of a sudden, the clerk lost his temper.
What has he against me? I never hurt man or woman in my life that I know of. And yet he would not so much as let me touch the tips of her fingers.
Jami accidentally threw his thumb drive into the garbage.
He never wanted to help his mates.
Alex taught me how to play the blues on the piano.
He was bright like the 4th of July! "Wow!", I thought!
I have connections in the government.
Human beings usually have two basic desires: to get away from pain and to arrive at pleasure.
Laur hid the money in her bra.
What a marvelous family!
Harry is stark naked.
Everyone has the right to be stupid. Some people just abuse that privilege.
The thieves made off with the jewels.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage or pay their doctors' bills or save enough for their child's college education.
Aren’t they going to Australia to build stores?
The tree's roots extend deep into the earth.
I just now signed the divorce papers, and with this I'm finally free!
His deed deserves respect.
Does that sound like blackmail to you, Oliver?
Rock and roll is my life.
I'm looking forward to receiving letters from you.
Don't pull the plug yet.
Charlie is at a maximum security prison.
Charlie couldn't afford a proper burial for Catherine.
Alex should get a bonus.
I wish I had a wine cellar in my basement.
We don't have time to process all this data.
I saw Jessie standing there.
That's a lovely necklace.
That company is on the rocks because of bad debts.
Jack walked into the courtroom, surrounded by police officers.
Meg has a cat as a pet.
Brian came to Kate, with his hair wet.
The owner of the flat speaks excellent English.
I share their political position.
"Surely, you can't be serious?" "I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."
I'm from Georgia.
How did you get this rusty junk approved by the Technical Inspection Association?
For what is the amount of all his prayers, but an attempt to make the Almighty change his mind, and act otherwise than he does?
When I heard that she was cured, my heart was full of gratitude.
I'm not kidding.
It seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse.
Aha! So that's what's going on!
I'm troubled by this mole.
The baby cries 'eh eh eh'.
What happened was a disgrace.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
My life is like water that has passed the mill; it turns no wheel.
Place your bets!
Magic is an illusion.
For sure, she'll win the championship in the tournament.
The cook put the food in the dumb waiter.
Do you want me to be frank?
Who's the owner of this property?
It was Mr White that gave Joe this ticket.
Time itself is an element.
They expected that Jefferson would be re-elected.
The following is the project's progress.
Harry blew the balloon up.
Any clues?
All the passengers are in mortal danger.
The team captain led the players onto the field.
Oscar and Monica bumped into each other and dropped their papers on the floor.
I can't ensure that she will be here tomorrow.
The police didn't find anyone's traces.
What would you do if you won ten million euros in the lottery?
Here's the group of reporters I told you about.
Muhammad owns a large mansion.
The deeply desire needs to pay most of the price.
I've heard Italian is a tricky language.
I like when you kiss me on the lips. No, on the cheek.
The Japanese destroyed Pearl Harbor.
Farmers are busy working in the field.
We rented the flat.
We associate her face with a cherry.
Israel is building a wall around the West Bank.
Harry handed a cocktail to Julia.
If you meet the Buddha on the road, kill him.
I'm sending her to California.
Choose one from among these products.
They said that they had contracts.
Do you give your consent to the operation?
The engine is itself very good.
A sign of a celebrity is often that his name is worth more than his services.
He raised tomato plants from seed.
Are you cops?
We heard screaming outside.
Oliver has a degree in engineering.
I've lost all the contacts from my address book.
Joe smashed Mary's head against the wall until she was dead.
She'll be staying at the Royal Hotel next Tuesday.
The meat has begun to rot.
He can run a hundred meters in twelve seconds.
Are the old chairs brown?
Fire a laser at him.
Fred looked after the child who had no parents until that child graduated from college.
Oscar hasn't saved anything for retirement.
Paula was called away on urgent business.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
How did you become a cop?
Joe drew the sword.
Congratulations, you're pregnant.
Tears began to spill down her cheeks.
He made reference to the previous director.
My shrink is nuts.
The auction ends Monday.
You must grip that dagger this way.
My sacrifice will remain forever in their souls and my blood will be the price of their ransom.
I'm always interested in reading his column.
He was sworn in as mayor.
The story continues.
I told George to check the oil level.
Harry managed to swim across the river.
Please remember to post the letters.
Oh dear, it's raining, and I've already hung the laundry out to dry; what shall I do?
The food court at the mall is noisy.
Ming called her friend yesterday evening.
I'll come in for a nice profit if land values continue to rise.
The brass need to play together.
Adams was an intelligent man.
An orphan at three, he was brought up by a distant relative.
Jacob grew up an Army brat.
The bomb will explode in 10 seconds.
Germany is the engine of the European economy.
As for the scheme I had in my head, it was not a bad one in itself.
I forgot your boyfriend is gay.
The doctor arrived in the nick of time.
Scientists say the record heat seen in Europe but also North America and parts of Asia this year points to the influence of man-made climate change, and could become more common in future.
He is included among my friends.
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.
Oscar is the star witness in the case.
Alfred has lost interest in this project.
Olivia had a sneaking suspicion that Kate had met up with Harry after the party.
The United States has been one of the greatest sources of progress that the world has ever known.
It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.
The teacher collected the papers.
The capital of Spain is Madrid and the official language is Spanish.
Other companies will present their offers as well.
He attacked the government's policy in his speech.
What are you pointing at?
Trial and error is essential to progress.
I dealt with the problem as I saw fit.
That was absolutely awesome!
We hope to see a lot of development over the next decade.
The actor of the series "George and Mary" speaks the truth.
Ken can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
It was one of the hardest decisions I've had to make.
Everyone says that Kate is a genius and will have a successful future.
Hey, don't run in the hallway.
At the summer camp, she was in charge of the group I belonged to.
Originally they were farmers.
I'm to the east of the west.
This cloth feels soft.
All living things are connected in one chain of being.
Shoot yourself with a shotgun.
The day before yesterday was Tuesday; the day after tomorrow is Saturday.
You have to beware of strangers.
Mommy, if I don't like the food, do I have to eat it?
I beg you, give me a bottle!
Search dogs located the victim's body.
I asked my magic mirror if there is anyone more beautiful than me. Maybe it will tell me once it is done laughing.
They collect our garbage every Monday.
Adam threatened to expose the whole thing.
I find joy in ruining lives, it's my guilty pleasure.
She uses her talent as an artist to describe places.
The news was all about the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Joe used a level to check whether the wall was straight.
He wanted to repay the kindness of his friends.
I'm a client.
George is facing criminal charges.
My favorite music is pop music.
It is out of the question for me to built a new house till my income becomes greater.
I have to go, Sweetheart.
Emily is watching her favourite TV programme.
What's the minimum salary in Mexico?
A policeman asked the girls if the car was theirs.
If monkeys could talk, what would they say?
If I make an exception for you, everyone will expect the same treatment.
That's bullshit!
He stepped into dog doo.
I think that Oliver will be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
Most folks ate very quickly and the food soon disappeared.
I found him a genius at chemistry.
The government of Mexico refused to negotiate.
The rumor that she's getting married is spreading around town.
Everyone has domestic troubles from time to time.
Explode, swine!
The dreadful fire shall be hot to many.
I don't like snack bars. They're expensive, noisy, and full of the smell of tobacco and fried food.
I know that James is a regular customer.
Why don't you try using some tape?
Harry isn't the only survivor of the crash.
I cannot help smiling at babies.
Hey, you kids, get off my lawn!
Muhammad put a worm on the hook.
He was a bad ticket inspector.
The dance was the most brilliant affair of the season.
Charlie took two sandwiches out of the picnic basket and handed one to Lucy.
I'm a very sensitive and emotional person.
One of the buttons has come off my coat.
I envy your lifestyle - living day-to-day like that.
Joe is collecting data.
They sent us to the administration office of the factory.
Can I get the steak and shrimp dinner?
I've dated a lunatic.
Are you going to remove the nerve?
I don't have a dime left.
Special forces training is already a torture.
If you say this to someone whose plane is going to crash, this phrase is not going to mean anything.
Grandpa cannot hold urine anymore.
Jami wanted to get in a little target practice before he went into the office.
The messenger left for London in secret.
You never told me Jami was a soldier.
She found a big trash can in the basement.
The rabbit was a coward and they made it worse for him with drums.
Oliver will watch the Super Bowl with Alice.
Your account will roll over at the end of the year.
Hi, Roger. I'm doing well.
I honestly don't think Anna can take care of herself.
It has been 33 years since Marilyn Monroe died.
Slip this into your purse.
Jacob gave Laur his credit cards.
The first instrument of the genius of a people is their language.
Many birds fly south in the fall.
I won't be at the opening ceremony.
You don't have to get your panties in a bunch about it.
People were against Mother Teresa at first, but she never gave up.
James abandoned cigarettes after the doctor's warning.
This neighborhood has more homeless people than you can shake a stick at.
I don't think it gives off the right signals.
I got this recipe from a magazine.
That story is household legend.
I wonder why Tommy isn't wearing a lab coat.
Jack stole second base.
On the horizon, I see land.
There's a gang of tough kids on this street.
On my mother's side of the family, I have three male cousins.
We may ask for your social security number.
The seventh day of the week is Saturday.
In Japan, people legally become adults when they turn twenty.
She covers Wall Street.
How much time does it take to get from A to B?
Tell me the precise time for their arrival.
When the boss finds out, heads are going to roll.
Our relations with our director are excellent.
Did your interview go OK?
All suspects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
This robot can hold an egg without breaking it.
Jane got too nervous when her turn came, and she blew her lines.
The green light is the "go" signal.
Compliments to the chef.
Dan and Linda had a chance encounter at an airport.
Margaret is insane, isn't she?
Crossing guards are posted during school hours to guide children safely across busy streets.
He attached a label to the bag.
Is the Pope Catholic?
With respect to financial matters, Mr. Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
After Harry lost his job, he started to gamble to cope with his depression.
Perhaps it's strange for you to see an ordinary girl without makeup?
You're going to get much publicity with this book.
We have a tremendous cash flow problem.
Reading is important. If you know how to read, then the whole world opens up to you.
The prisoners are in chains.
Do not bend or fold!
I don't know who Scott is.
Charlie got a job as a security guard.
Alex returned to the crash site.
It took a load off my mind when our team won the championship.
What's important is not the goal, but the journey.
I don't have a lover.
I know that Oliver is a priest.
Oscar and Julia had a romantic dinner to celebrate the first anniversary of their being together.
Pieces of the broken mirror lay scattered on the floor.
He got the runs in Mexico.
When Harry was a boy, he lived near a swamp and created his own zoo.
I'm the owner of this land.
Santa Claus was standing in the garden.
I know Alex is a ballet dancer.
We had to rush our dog to the vet.
Don't forget to give my best regards to your lovely wife.
The children love listening to fairy tales.
I do basically the same thing as Oscar does.
Jami and Catherine were having a mad, passionate love affair.
These politicians want to build a bridge to nowhere.
The mayor compromised on the subject to a certain extent.
For an adventure you do not necessarily have to pay.
The boat was called "The Silver Star."
At this time, the victims' names aren't being released.
I've learnt many things about Greek culture.
Violet wrote a letter once a month.
In truth, the very simple reason why this incident did not appear in the newspapers is that, outside of a single witness, no one knew about it.
People are going to the cemetery today to pay respect to their deceased loved ones.
What you smell now is the scent of nightmares.
Chinese officials say economic growth has dropped to a three-year low because of the world economy.
Douglas eventually agreed to speak with Lincoln.
Scoundrel!
The factory is running at full capacity.
Humans are not at the top of the food chain. After all, lions eat people, but people don't eat lions.
This ship is not fit for an ocean voyage.
The prince gave his land to his subjects.
The policeman refused to allow Eva into the court room.
I love you so much, including today.
As a last resort, read the instructions.
Muhammad pulled out all the stops.
Gesture is another way of communication.
He is carrying out experiments in his laboratory.
Naturally he accepted the invitation.
Jami's paper was published in a peer-reviewed journal.
He often turned up at parties without an invitation in his days.
Shakespeare created many famous characters.
It was only meant as a harmless prank.
It's just a stalking horse for raising taxes.
He fries the eggs in oil.
Why would anyone kidnap her?
How is your foot healing?
There have been no reports of casualties.
When I entered the coffee shop, two young men were watching a wrestling match on television.
Jacob gave a sigh of relief.
They're in separate rooms.
One of the kings of Egypt was a boy.
46 million Americans lived under the poverty line in 2010.
I was laughing so hard my ribs hurt.
George isn't his usual self today.
Many rivers flow into the sea.
Jam comes in a jar.
When the time came to jump out of that airplane I was scared stiff. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it would come out of my chest.
They went to Bible camp.
Someone like that is destined to fail.
I presented him with a gold watch.
He knows how to plant palm trees.
Oliver is a rebel, isn't he?
I can't keep up with the recent British music scene.
We need the receipt that Mr. Smith signed.
A lamb at the butcher's?
I intend to buy a gold bracelet for my wife.
Judging by that great tan, it looks like you spent most of your vacation on the beach.
Do you remember what Cathy was wearing at the party?
This is a Turkish tradition.
The Sun is the star that's nearest to Earth.
If you live to seek revenge, best dig a grave for two.
Tommy and Laur made themselves peanut butter sandwiches.
The investigating committee is looking into the cause of the accident.
For all their serious wounds, all of them were in good spirits.
We treat our customers well.
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.
One weekend all of the hotels in the city were full because there was a large convention.
Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
I have no particular talent.
I'm looking forward to visiting my sister in Los Angeles.
Particles of dust float in the atmosphere.
His plan is doomed to fail.
Anne's ankle was broken.
She handed in her term paper after the deadline.
Indicate by holding up the appropriate number of fingers!
The colony declared independence and became a republic.
We had hundreds of fights.
Last night an explosion took place at a fireworks factory.
Turn the torch on.
Chew your food well.
I have a hunch that the show will be cancelled; they haven't sold many tickets.
We were created in God's image.
"Oh, why doesn't she hear me," Echo thought to himself.
Ken saved his face by passing the examination.
She intended to withdraw all her savings from the bank.
This is a basic factor that can even be said to be the common lot of man, it certainly doesn't apply only to Germans.
We must get to the bottom of this mystery.
Living standards should be higher.
Today is Friday, yesterday was Thursday, tomorrow is Saturday and then comes Sunday.
I had a panic attack and my blood sugar was low.
If this goes on, the bleeding will increase.
The artist drew with Chinese ink.
Here's a rough draft of my speech.
Oscar showed no consideration whatsoever for Lucy's feelings.
A mother rabbit keeps her babies warm with her own body.
If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you.
Oscar's performance was not up to his fans' expectations.
For us, what’s most important is understanding the intention of the leadership.
What's the minimum salary in the United Kingdom?
I rode the elevator to the third level.
In my garden many trees are bearing fruit.
You're a magician with a needle and thread.
Did she cast a spell on you?
Ain't that America?
No, it's a national treasure, you see. This is the first time we've seen it as well.
Betty is a serial killer.
Were you born in England? You don't seem to have a British accent.
He's in the toilet, taking a dump.
Today only some 60 written scores of ancient Greek music have survived.
This novel will certainly go like hot cakes when it's published.
How can you tolerate such a deed?
Tears began to roll down her cheeks.
James hardly laid a glove on his opponent.
Buy two egg boxes.
The international situation is becoming grave.
Let me shell the crab.
Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.
The match was cancelled due to the heavy rain.
Let's pretend that we're pirates.
The fire might cause the fuel tank to explode.
So much is still unknown about lighting.
He took a slight hint as the start and found the correct answer.
The Soviet Union and its allies refused help.
The auto was in the middle of the road.
Work on the assignment in small groups.
The elephant is a very caring mother for its children.
The majority of my patients come to me from out of town.
Let's hope this boat engine doesn't give up the ghost when we're halfway to Hawaii.
The ship is sailing to the west.
By the way, it also works with the wheel of a wheel mouse.
They will organize a labor union.
The higher we go up, the cooler the air becomes.
I didn't like to write official letters.
Jack's apartment has exposed-brick walls.
Did William leave a suicide note?
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
Chase the cat from the kitchen.
Everything in Nature contains all the powers of Nature.
Can you operate a manual transmission?
The plot was unbelievable.
They hit it off from the beginning and have been together for two decades now.
Mutual steps have to be taken.
It's my turn to roll the dice.
What's your occupation?
He is always isolated from his fellow workers.
Are we screwed?
Oliver kept knocking on the door, but nobody came.
Would you help me plant these seeds?
Don't freak out.
The forward kicked a goal.
I felt like crawling under a rock.
There was an accident on Fifth Avenue yesterday.
I would like to open a checking account.
I received a watch as a gift from my godfather.
Harry heard the shots.
Joe hit a triple.
I had a girlfriend when I was in the fifth grade.
That's what I've been dealing with.
It could be a trap; don't let your guard down.
Smart and stupid people go to trade shows.
It's better not to take candy from strangers.
She tied her boat to the dock.
The candidate handed out a great amount of money in the election.
Compared to our house, yours is a palace.
Diana has been a faithful friend.
Tim writes as if he were left-handed.
George is obsessed with privacy.
I'm not kidding!
I congratulate you on winning first prize in the speech contest.
Florence is a beautiful city.
If Ted were here, he could help us clean our room.
The body is mortal, but the soul is immortal.
The treatment appears to be working.
We plan to do what Alex suggests, unless somebody tells we shouldn't.
Oscar drives a black car, eh?
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
Eva watched a romantic comedy.
A bean can answer all the questions.
She said that she wasn't a Christian.
Pilots communicate with airport services by radio.
"What's wrong with Adam?" "His computer is infected with a virus."
Some people bring sadness... Have you ever hated yourself for loving someone? Don't hate yourself, because the fault is not love's but of the people who didn't care for you.
To follow a council is to shift the responsibility.
National welfare is the end of politics.
Jami hung his jacket on a hook.
You don't live in a country; you live in a language. Your homeland, that's that and nothing else.
Jacob is frank.
Didn't you know William used to be a studio musician?
A dot is a small spot.
As of midnight tonight the contract becomes effective.
Then we visited Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States of America.
The constant, high-pitched ringing in George's ears is driving him crazy.
I just want to disappear.
That castle is so strong that only an earthquake can destroy it.
Iron is much more useful than gold.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
I share your political position.
Sue is an American student.
I don't engage in illegal activities.
They are wanting in industry.
Don't tell it to my bride.
The effects of this change don't affect you.
I wanted to smack you.
I think that Charlie is pulling your leg.
Loving those who hate us sets us free.
I know that you'll enjoy the food at Chuck's Diner.
Are you on social media?
Are you sure we should pursue this?
North is the opposite direction from south.
The data in her paper serves to further our purpose.
I'm terribly afraid of snakes.
I signed the lease today.
The teacher once suggested to Emma that they should have a child together.
These tire tracks were made by a mid-size vehicle.
We'd like to exchange this jacket. It doesn't fit.
There's a very sophisticated background.
My dog was taken care of by Lucy.
Oliver said the passengers' injuries were minor.
He was suddenly attacked by a mysterious disease.
I heard my dog panting.
Dreaming of honey is a lot different than dreaming of bees.
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
He's at home resting and preparing for the exam.
Accent marks ahead!
I don't think that Tommy knows how to do the breast stroke.
They were cracking up.
There was much lipstick on her lips.
Wrap the dough in clear film and chill for 15 to 30 minutes.
They're either in the shed or in the den.
Valentina dressed up as a witch.
I don't have a cent, let alone a dollar.
The final score of the game was 3–1.
There were points in her testimony that didn't add up.
That nickname fits him perfectly.
On New Year's Eve, the trains will run all night.
Joe put his cap on back to front, in an effort to look hip.
Please don't turn up the volume on the television.
Adam said that he didn't know who Monica was planning on going to the prom with.
It'll take some time, but I think we can patch things up.
Jami Jackson is the executive director.
My alarm clock's ticking is too loud.
George stayed at a motel.
The ocean covers 70% of Earth's surface.
They would have done him no harm, but would perhaps have been on their guard against injury.
Hamilton's ideas were extreme.
Soon you'll recover fully.
Alex isn't the type of man who'd betray you.
Don't touch the pot with bare hands.
I should have taken my eye drops with me.
No army is a match for a dragon.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me.
You must fulfill your promise without fail.
The new mayor is well spoken of by the citizens.
I'm going to hit the sack early.
The elephant is being bored: bring to him a fellow back.
Dan didn't even give the badge back.
The Battle of North Africa was over.
To defend their land has now become a sin?
I'll call the cops.
You sure have a lot of MP3 files!
Joe and Olivia started screaming at each other.
In today's hyper-connected world, the desire for privacy can often be confused with having something to hide.
The emperor doesn't have any clothes on.
When do you have to file your income tax returns?
What is your ultimate goal?
The temperature is below zero today, too.
Do you know where I might find small cowboy boots?
Who doesn't value the penny isn't worth the dollar.
I mustn't forget to post the letter.
It would be unfortunate if he were to fail.
How can I ignore pain this intense?
What link could there be between that creature and my wife?
Joe has tons of potential.
Contrary to expectations, they won with ease.
Yes, my name is Karen Smith.
The boy I saw searching through the garbage can said that he had not eaten anything for four days.
Whose image is on this stamp?
Human pride is human weakness.
Who invented dynamite?
Alex was pulled over the second he crossed state lines.
The competition will be intense.
The coast guard discovered to more survivors hiding in a nearby cave.
I hear a noise offensive to the ear.
I saw Jacob throwing rocks at your dog.
Jami reads at a third grade level.
That was a tragic plane crash.
I don't feel like drinking vodka.
Those bastards will never take me alive!
The Soviet Union collapsed 25 years ago.
Dogs can't tell colors apart.
The police are searching for an escaped prisoner.
We often have fires in winter.
This chemical agent is used to make paper white.
I'm glad we've settled our business understanding.
The portrait was taken from the wall.
Stop chattering and finish your work.
Are you questioning my judgment on this matter?
My sister is sensitive about her thick legs.
Dan came for Julie at six.
No one should be able to trace the events there back to us.
They lifted him carefully into the ambulance.
Flip them over.
Tuesday is Independence Day.
They're just out of my price range.
We could freeze to death.
How many tests are you going to have tomorrow?
Jack also likes horse racing.
There is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives.
Even though James knew he shouldn't, he borrowed money from a loan shark.
Which text editor do you prefer?
Christmas is a magical time of the year.
Could I get some temporary treatment because I'll be going back to Japan soon?
He believes there is a spy among us.
It's warm, so I turned on the electric fan.
Tommy handed Valentina a check for half a million dollars.
Jacob and I bid each other farewell.
There are people who speak of wisdom with no clue of what respect is.
For homework, Muhammad has to write a modern fairy tale.
The shop had sold out its stock of that magazine.
Happiness depends not so much on circumstances as on one's way of looking at one's lot.
Nowadays, a safety zone is not always safe.
Jacob and Eva handed in their reports.
My lecture will be next Saturday, November 29, 2014, at 10:30 a.m.
You have to take the bull by the horns.
I kept whistling.
Tom­'s performance was less than spectacular.
Adam wore gloves to avoid leaving his fingerprints on the murder weapon.
I want your analysis.
Have you ever lost any sensitive data?
He's a big fan of science fiction.
Both sons pretended to the throne.
To kick up your heels means to have fun.
We have a warrant to search your house.
He became the finest actor on the American stage.
Dan flew into a rage.
Oscar has a spider plant.
She's a junior employee.
Don't take that too literally.
I don't speak Irish.
The scandal has badly damaged his clean image.
Can you hurry and go buy grey bread from the baker? And make him cut it!
James is becoming more sophisticated.
Competition is very keen in the car industry.
For others, it is a vision of what could be.
The colors are gorgeous.
Oscar and Mary have a rocky relationship.
The mystery of life is beyond human understanding.
The tree cast a shadow across the road.
Are you currently taking any medication?
Bring your student ID card.
This problem has multiple causes.
The patient could've died if it hadn't been for medical treatment.
I asked you not to involve me in this.
My sister Julia and I were twins, and we were only two years old at the time of my mother's re-marriage.
Being a reporter is hard work.
Booze is the answer, but now I can't remember the question.
We both have the same favourite colours.
Additional troops were needed.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
We found a turtle in the garden.
I'm a health nut.
She hasn't stopped calling me and sending me messages.
Adam accidentally cracked his phone's screen.
She's fallen prey to a bounty hunter.
The two boys traveled throughout the land.
He bought the whole nine yards.
Alice gave her friend a small wave.
The neighbor popped his head up over the wall for a moment.
The railroad is now in the process of construction.
Jami wore a silver chain around his neck.
No one managed to kill Hitler.
She is very popular with the clients.
I'm considering sticking around for a few more days.
He lost all of his money at the casino.
I heard footsteps approaching.
We can't play poker if we don't have any cards.
Does he have anything to do with the campaign?
It's hard to achieve happiness.
There should be more national hospitals for old people.
Tommy tore the letter to bits.
She is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties.
It's an ill wind that blows no good.
He likes to build model planes.
Alice confessed after her wedding that she was not a virgin anymore.
No one recognized Adam's genius while he was alive.
Stop hitting the cat!
You better shut up and stay calm. If they realize we're here, they'll kill all the men and rape all the women.
My brain is fried.
Alex dressed as an Egyptian mummy.
Starting to save is the first step towards a secure retirement.
They crossed the border.
Which wire do you think I should cut, the red one or the green one?
Japan is the land of the rising sun.
I've never thrown rocks at anyone.
The earth is not a star, but a planet.
I confirm my presence.
Janet, tend to the baby, please.
The thunder frightened the students.
Jami and I switched places on the sofa.
The general principles are given below.
The superior man is affected towards animals: having seen them alive, he cannot bear to see them die; having heard their cries, he cannot bear to eat their flesh.
Some people always expect reward from others. Something like a hobby may be self-rewarding.
Glory is the sun of the dead.
Muhammad works as a massage therapist.
This will be framed and hung up on the wall.
The code cannot be cracked.
He looked down at the valley below.
Oliver knows that he's in no position to argue.
The police confirmed George's alibi.
He succeeded to his estate.
Entertainment will be provided.
Elizabeth Taylor was incredibly beautiful.
All this land is owned by George.
Three passengers were saved, but the remaining passengers drowned.
I'm in a different mode now.
He didn't want to be cheated again, and was always on the alert.
I prefer cigarettes smoked on the porch.
I have terrible social skills.
There were twelve of us in all at our class reunion.
We all know what we owe to our country. The tax department lets us know.
I think that whole phase is over.
I cannot understand Korean. I have never learnt it.
Kate is not as tall as Anne.
The address was in favor of their social movement.
He grabbed my breasts.
Alex misses Anna deeply.
You are my sunshine.
How do you build something as big as that on the sand?
He has a vast knowledge of music theory.
The cattle are starving.
Monica is setting by money to go to Japan.
She fired a maid.
Who's your primary physician?
Construction materials are very expensive at this time.
Everything that has wings, flies!
Most of the people I chat with on Facebook are students.
Because of a short circuit, we were suddenly in the dark.
The medication is still being tested.
His lack of cooperation defeated our plan.
Can you figure out how I did that magic trick?
A niece is a daughter of one's brother or sister.
He's an expert at throwing knives.
Japan is the leader of the world's high-tech industry.
The process will be messy.
He called me a joker.
Luckily, we have an emergency fund.
She became an actress the following year.
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.
You never cease to surprise me.
The ocean is a huge body of water that is constantly in motion.
Is not a coincidence that all the stores closed earlier today.
I have to be at an audition tomorrow.
It was a solid gold bar.
February has twenty-nine days in leap years.
The pain had affected his senses.
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, sir, why don't you just give them up?
We get our water from a pump in the backyard.
The region is small, but has a large population.
A purple carpet will not go with this red curtain.
Mac is my friend. He likes dogs very much.
If the ball hits you somewhere else than on the head or hands, you're out.
There are many paintings on the wall.
Lincoln won the election.
Jacob usually stays at five-star hotels.
The telegram was a trick to get her to come home.
Shut the damned door!
That district is no longer a safe place to live in.
Catherine is just being petty, isn't she?
Every year, I try to celebrate Halloween many days, or even weeks, before the actual day.
Praying for Oliver was all we could do.
I'll keep my lips sealed.
I heard her sobbing.
Apparently, they nest in a tree in front of the house.
It's just pepper spray.
A pillow at six o'clock in the morning has got the biggest gravity in the world.
In that store's display window I saw the object of my desires.
That was pathetic.
Oliver is wanted by the FBI for kidnapping.
The ear has a lot of wax in it.
Your sweater is on backwards.
I like to go out to the sports field every Thursday.
A crowd gathered of itself.
Susie is a famous Hollywood actress.
No evil is honorable; but death is honorable; therefore death is not evil.
I cannot remove the film this hand soap left on my hair.
Please show me your identity card or passport!
Does Oscar drive a station wagon?
If he wins he will gain self-confidence.
This is one of those views which are so absurd that only very learned men could possibly adopt them.
The children were chasing each other and laughing.
I signed the cheque.
They're all con men.
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr. Johnson.
She's bound to be on her guard.
What species of fish live in this river?
Life seems to have been a constant struggle for her ever since she left home.
They decided to exchange prisoners.
Following the accident he recovered quickly.
The papers were mixed together in a big box.
The man began to take off his hat, glasses and mask.
Muhammad and Lucy signed the papers that John asked them to sign.
The police took immediate action to deal with the riot.
We helped them weed the garden.
He's quite an unpleasant fellow!
Sober drivers are people too.
I can assure you of that.
Joe registered to become an organ donor.
The ceremony was impressive.
"I heard some dogs barking." "Those were not dogs. They were wolves."
Look at this shining star.
Today I had to fart.
He's not a surgeon, but a butcher.
Civilization is now threatened by nuclear war.
We will take it to the potential customers.
It kills me.
It's common courtesy.
We start class at nine o'clock, but he didn’t come until quarter past.
We sang in a choir when we were kids.
Go and help them, Bud.
Oliver gave out like stink when he heard what his son had been up to.
Cookie is a therapy dog.
The streets are lined with old shops.
Start, dammit!
There is a museum just north of the zoo.
I tried to cheer her up.
Jack went out onto the balcony.
He recently sent me a touching poem he wrote after his mother's death.
He has a good chance of becoming the president of France next Sunday even though he was still unknown three years ago!
There's a crown here.
This case was classified as a homicide.
Shout as loud as you can and he will not hear you because he is 100% deaf.
My computer doesn't boot up anymore.
If a man wants to learn to sound like a native speaker of Japanese, he shouldn't only learn Japanese from women. The reverse is true for a woman.
The teacher announced that Arabic Level 5 has been canceled for this term.
Our bond of friendship is stronger for ever.
Jacob's ancestors came from Africa.
Jack has a son named Jack and a grandson named Jack.
Could you please transfer me to Mr. Smith?
Since this is your neck of the woods, maybe you can tell us where to find a good pizza joint.
Give me that shield.
Jack stressed his position hadn't changed.
Jacob tried to drown himself.
We ask you to account for your conduct.
Joe and Susie were whispering to each other.
What's the difference between a violin and a piano? A piano burns longer.
We are bound to obey laws.
I don't like traveling with lots of luggage.
Jacob is wearing leather shorts.
We all live in different worlds.
Oliver dug through the ashes to see what he could find.
He's a good lad.
Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed.
All his efforts seemed to have been wasted.
Harry asked the waiter for a menu.
She has never asked a favour of anybody.
Is it all right to use a flash here?
The bold knight didn't hesitate to go on the offensive when the time came.
It's the gold standard.
Jacob escaped from prison through a tunnel that he dug himself.
Blessed are those who have no talent!
Every time he arrives, it's chaos!
People ought to recognise their own mistakes.
It is made of steel.
We can see the northern lights from our house!
This story has a happy ending.
That movie star has many fans.
As a hobby, I like to travel places I have never been to before both inside and outside of the country.
The storm was rolling in.
Do you still remember the scenes of that war?
A dream of mankind becomes reality.
This film is a cult classic.
Maybe one day you will realise that you miss me.
Do you have a mental health problem? You're always following me around. You're an adult so be more independent.
My neighborhood has a parade on the 4th of July.
Can I use your phone for a sec?
Tommy has a solid alibi.
I was alone that night, making noises to trick you, that's all!
Adam kicked the snow off his boots.
You are such a mouse potato.
"I love you" is the title of the majority of songs that anybody sings in their life.
I believe in the guardian angels.
I've been involved in a filthy trade.
He immediately started the next attack on the republic.
Do you like Joseph for a name?
We rented a cabin by a lake.
Jacob was wearing a hat which still had the price tag attached.
I need to go pee.
Comedy is much closer to real life than drama.
By law, begging in the street is forbidden.
You may invite to the festival whoever wants to come.
It knocks on the door.
Valentina showed me a drawing of James that she drew.
The criminal begged the judge for mercy.
That building has no emergency exit.
Do you see anything in your crystal ball?
Inform your father of my arrival.
Call me Monday morning to check on the status.
Bit by bit, I will build up a massive collection for myself.
This is your moment to shine.
Where did he ever come up with the notion of opening a branch?
The cat started to scratch the carpet.
I am going to inform the post office of the change of my address.
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" "Sorry, I'm a stranger here."
I didn't know you liked the noble art.
Is he passing stones?
The newly-opened jewelry shop took away some of my best customers.
In the post office, mail is classified according to the place where it is to go.
Some lawn equipment is loaded into the jerry-built cart.
If there's a world-wide all-out nuclear war it's said that there will be a "nuclear winter" all over the planet for several months.
Only after the last tree has been cut down, the last river has been poisoned and the last fish has been caught will you realize that money cannot be eaten.
That scenario is unlikely.
My temperature was below thirty-seven degrees this morning.
Sometimes machines can make an unconscious person breathe for years.
This is the final straw.
He always yells at his children.
Adam forgot to flush the toilet.
Jack carefully cut the tissue with scissors.
Add a few words before I seal the letter.
This annoying bug has finally been fixed.
She worries that she might be suffering from an anxiety disorder.
If anyone ever tells you you're worthless, just ignore them.
There's a great variety of creatures living in the sea.
You were acting suspicious, so they had you under surveillance.
Their whereabouts are unknown.
There is no freedom of religion in this country.
The square root of one hundred forty-four is twelve.
How far away is this galaxy?
I have to go to rehab.
Her skill as a teacher is based on her understanding of young people.
She was forced to say farewell to the city of her birth.
There is a political party which is a traitor to the country in Japan.
Just what the heck are you doing?
You signed a confession.
I like to go out with my buddies.
It is the day of the traditional boys' festival.
If you learn how to do card tricks you'll always be the life of the party.
That's an interesting conspiracy.
I will have to learn how to make beef fried rice.
You're way out of my league.
The party ended up in chaos and, at the end, they were thrown out.
This problem deserves considering.
Joe directed the show.
So dramatic!
I had a blast.
Two shirts and suits, please. There's a stain here.
I roll my own cigarettes.
I heard Tommy's cellphone ringing.
Sleep well, Timmy.
That car salesman was a pretty off the wall kind of guy.
Among those present was our principal.
Jacob takes his teddy bear with him wherever he goes.
I reported the incident.
When will you come back from Milan?
The stars were shining over the silent fields.
The union of Scotland and England took place in 1706.
Thomas did not answer my text messages.
After graduation, I thought it was time to travel abroad to perfect my language skills but I had no money.
Two of the private health insurance companies are arguing about terms and conditions.
The store is closing soon and is offering everything at half price.
He ran onto the field.
The helicopter is landing.
She was burned at the stake.
Letters are a link with friends who live far away.
How much time do adults spend watching television every day?
Tommy requested a seat over a wing.
It's a sacred number.
Adam didn't read the fine print on his insurance policy, and was shocked to find that his claim wasn't covered.
Add water and mix to a firm dough.
I felt betrayed and humiliated.
I felt the terror of my neighbors after the earthquake.
All charges were dismissed.
Letters are delivered here about noon.
My pillow is so soft!
The creek was frozen.
Oscar is cold, distant and arrogant.
Joe deserves credit for being careful.
Hey, Mimi! How's it going?
The elephant won't move an inch.
Thank you so very much for your greetings.
Therefore I'm giving up for now. I'll still try to check out other possibilities but ... I think hopes are slim.
I didn't know how to proceed.
Her footsteps were as light as a fairy's.
Don't have any worries on my account.
There was no immediate panic.
There was a tense atmosphere in the room.
Sunday's match will be crucial.
Where have you been Alex? You're filthy! I told you not to play in the mud.
Click here to create an account.
France is the largest country in Western Europe.
James felt a stab of jealousy.
Let me help you wipe it off.
We are going to build a wall.
Jacob quickly discovered that Emma's accent was fake.
Let's listen to the people of Deal talk about their jobs and their everyday lives.
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit, but not as both at the same time.
Carol gets up early every morning.
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
Oscar is the one who messed up.
This rug has a nice pattern.
You need a celebration.
Drug money and Mafia money are often blood money.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
Tomorrow, we're holding a farewell gathering for Nancy.
I put the report card in the drawer so my mother wouldn't see it.
Take that dress off or I'll rip it off with my bare hands.
My boyfriend just dumped me.
James and Olivia will be celebrating their silver wedding anniversary this year.
Please give me a pen and some sheets of paper.
It was in 1989 that the Berlin Wall was taken down.
Fortunately he is in a good position and has broad shoulders.
It's popular among senior citizens.
Deer tracks are easy to identify.
He's being threatened by a certain gangster.
Oliver has a pet rock.
Mrs. Davis was anything but a perfect wife.
Muhammad can't afford bail.
You're the sole reason of my existence.
Alex is obsessed with Ancient Egypt.
I often read comic books in my spare time at work.
Not every lamp is magic.
Charlie looked underneath the table.
We're starving and homeless, but at least we got rid of all the foreigners.
She sat down with stiff dignity.
My grandmother had a green prayer rug.
Happiness is simply good health and a bad conscience.
He failed in his business and now is a total wreck.
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results.
There are few volunteers here at the headquarters.
That explains everything.
When the bomb was dropped, I felt the house rock back and forth.
Can we meet February 28, around 3:00 pm?
What do you reckon?
There's a foul smell in the kitchen.
The new perfume gave Laur a horrible rash.
I go into the middle of the inn.
Tommy's now in a coma.
I began coughing.
Alex is one of my heroes.
The enemy is caught like a mouse in a trap.
The servants worked like ants.
Trade helps nations develop.
We watched them score one basket after another.
We're expecting lousy weather today.
Harry looked in the yellow pages to find a used car dealer.
Oscar divided the pie into three equal parts.
Did they have a backup plan?
The hat was blown away by the wind.
The new road will benefit the people living in the hills.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
I thought I was following your instructions.
All the cherry trees in the park are in full bloom.
Who represents the defendant?
Alex went to the cemetery to put flowers on his mother's grave.
Joe likes all types of music, but classical music is his favourite.
I'm not as skinny as I used to be.
I haven't been officially charged.
Don't make any rash decisions.
I've just heard a disturbing rumor.
Remember you are under oath.
Charlie told the cop he had just gotten home.
The rooms in this hotel are pretty basic.
The victim has been identified as 30-year-old Oliver Jackson.
